Musician and satirist Allie Goertz wrote a song about the "The Simpsons" character Milhouse, who Matt Groening named after who?
Which genus of moth in the world's seventh-largest country contains only one species?
What is the length of the track where the 2013 Liqui Moly Bathurst 12 Hour was staged?
What U.S Highway gives access to Zilpo Road, and is also known as Midland Trail?
Who is the director of the 2003 film which has scenes in it filmed at the Quality Cafe in Los Angeles?
Are both The New Pornographers and Kings of Leon American rock bands?
Who was born first, Pablo Trapero or Aleksander Ford?
Guitars for Wounded Warriors is an album that was recorded in the village in which New York county?
Who was born first, Francis Nethersole or Elizabeth Stuart?
What does the Hacker-Pschorr Brewery have to limit in order to comply with German regulations?
Who is older Glenn Hughes or Ross Lynch?
In what year was the creator of the current arrangement of the "Simpson's Theme" born?
The Southern Railway runs from Vienna to Graz and the border with Slovenia at Spielfeld via the first mountain railway built in Europe to use what kind of track?
Which band has more members, Saint Motel or Curve?
Maurice Hines and his brother were famous for what?
Are the New Orleans Outfall Canals the same length as the Augusta Canal?
What State has a Disney Resort & Spa that is a beachside hotel, resort and vacation destination offering complimentary children's activities and programs and that Djuan Rivers was a General Manager at?
Which organization presents the award in which Chris Noonan was nominated for his work in "Babe"?
Where is the base of one of the three main British intelligence agencies?
What is the name of the movie in which Edwin Brown plays a man that executed at least 400 people, including William Joyce and John Amery?
What genre of music is the solo artist that contributed to Real Damage a variant of?
Jake David Shapiro was best know for being the screenwriter of a film directed by who?
What type of vegetation does Kniphofia and Baptisia have in common?
What is the length of the River which has Wild Horse Creek as a tributary?
Who is the American internet entrepreneur who founded the company featured on 24 Hours on Craigslist?
Jo Ann Terry won the 80m hurdles event at what Sao Paulo-based event from 1963?
What is the name of this American multinational corporation that provides IT services, headquartered in New Jersey, that acquired Mirabeau?
What is the 3112 acre Pennsylvania state park that took over 11,000 to make due to the wave action of lake Erie called?
Benjamin Halfpenny was a footballer for a club that plays its home matches where?
Who chaired the ceremony in which the film written by Canet and Philippe Lefebvre won the award for Best Film?
Up to how far off can the Deal Timeball be from Coordinated Universal Time?
"Apocalypic" is a song sung by Lizzy Hale from which group?
The Pineground Bridge formerly carried Depot Road over the Suncook River into a town with a population of what?
Which city is the American rock band, that released their album on March 19, 2012, from?
Which american president's father was a farmer and he was a former US representative from NY?
British band The Wanted's third album includes a song with a title about which Barbadian superstar?
Which of the following is best known for publicly championing a terminal patient's right to die via physician-assisted suicide: Christy Canyon or Jack Kevorkian?
Sojourners and KO Magazine share what publication format?
What comic book published the female superhero created by J. H. Williams III?
Thomas Harris is a novelist who is famous for creating which character?
Which director is American, Mark L. Lester or Ken Loach?
Kerrygold Irish Cream Liqueur is owned by a company that mainly sells what type or product?
Lendley C. Black is Chancellor of a university offering how many majors?
What American professional basketball player born in 1986 was awarded the Dave Gavitt Trophy during the 2007 Big East Men's Basketball Championship?
Were Up and The Watercolor released in the same year?
What city is located in Gauteng, South Africa with a suburb called Kew?
What electronic band's song "Dangerous" was certified gold by the RIAA in May 2015?
What year was the English actor and film producer born in who also starred in an adaptation with Renee Zellweger?
It Takes a Family is a response to this 1996 book that was published by who?
Which show connects Arthur Darvill and Matt Smith?
What era was the man associated with Fanny Talbot the leading art critic of?
In which theatre in Los Angeles did the late-night talk show host of "Chelsea Lately" host the 2010 MTV Video Music Awards?
Which event was a surprise military strike by the Imperial Japanese Navy Air Service while Magruder Hill Tuttle was a senior officer in the United States Navy?
On what date did a Canadian politician born January 2, 1979, succeed as leader of the New Democratic Party in Canada?
The first female board member for the Liberal Party, she was born in which county in Norway?
In the draft of the 2017–18 Phoenix Suns season, The Phoneix Suns picked which player that played one season for the Kansas Jayhawks?
Richard Yates published a work by the name of "Eleven Kinds of Loneliness", one of Italo Calvino's best known works was of the same genre and named what?
Son of Paleface starred the comedian and vaudevilian of what nationality?
Which rivalry were involved in the chant referring to the United Kingdom's Victories of the First and Second World War?
Terenzo is a city in the Province of Parma, which region of Italy is Terenzo located in?
When was the Prime Minister of India after which V. K. Krishna Menon was regarded as the second most powerful man in India born?
What is the approximate population of the country that Koularo lies in?
Rani Silautia is an Indian politician from a party having links with which Hindu nationalist organization?
Route 146, Interstate 890, and what other highway all run through Schenectady, New York?
What was the official name for the draft that Thomas E. O'Donnell was a public opponent of?
What vehicle, introduced for model year 2006, does Patrick Carpentier currently drive in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series?
When was the company that publishes the journal Magnetic Resonance Imaging established?
Who was the husband of the first olympic gymnast to be awarded a perfect score of 10.0?
Is Advanced Micro Devices or Level 3 Communications headquartered further west?
Who is married to Jim Tomlinson and released an album entitled Raconte-moi?
Which was halted by a natural disaster, Camlaren Mine or Barton Mine?
Tura Beach, New South Wales is a suburb of a town that had what population at the 2016 census?
Are Randal Kleiser and Kyle Schickner of the same nationality?
Barbara Jordan and Mark Knowles are both what?
Walter O'Brien was played by which English actor?
What two skills do Lee Hong-gi and Dee Snider have in common?
Are George Avakian and Bobby Managoff both record producers?
The man that had a single titled "That's My Pa" played what character in the film "High Noon"?
Which member of the band Bad Seeds was older, Anita Lane or Nick Cave?
Which close friend of George Washington, Alexander Hamilton, and Thomas Jefferson, did a scion of the Huger family of South Carolina attempt to rescue?
Elkhan Mammadov is the project leader for the bid for which quadrennial competition?
Which airline founded by Frank Lorenzo was affected by a strike in 1989?
What county named for a hero in the French and Indian War and a general in the American Revolutionary War is represented by Assemblyman Kevin Byrne?
Which was released second, Charley and the Angel or Planes?
What roles does American actress which Manfish featured in the motion picture debut of do play?
What Category 5 hurricane cause the Sqannanoa River to flood?
Both the Drever and Finnish Hound are two dog breeds that are bred for what purpose?
Which former lawyer and entrepreneur who was convicted for conspiracy and drug dealing was involved in a civil suit against Bill and Hillary Clinton?
What year was the series published that recounts the adventures of Anne Shirley and published by Scholastic Press?
Which mine in California, lasting from 1873 to 1883, became one of the most noted mercury producers in the world?
Which author was born first, Lorraine Hansberry or Sandra Gulland?
What does the L stand for in Patriot Games star Samuel L. Jackson's name?
Snow White is a Disney media franchise based on a German fairy tale by who?
Summit1g started streaming the battle royale game published by which company?
"I Saw Her Again" was co-written by what Canadian singer born in 1940?
What was the name of the band that starred Belinda Carlisle and released the album, Germicide in 1977?
What Brazilian professional footballer endorsed the Mercurial Vapor boot?
What is the capital of the archipelago where Djoièzi is located?
Are Manettia and Fragaria both edible?
In what year did the submarine that sank the Tsushima Maru open to public tours?
Who directed the movie that Olympia Dukakis won an Academy Award for?
What piece was composed in 1937 for the American Bandmasters Association and has a melody similar to Green Bushes?
What is the best known song of the artist who originally recorded the song "A Thousand Times a Day"?
Of the film directors Kenji Mizoguchi and Andrzej Żuławski, which one often went against mainstream commercialism in his films?
Whitney Williams has a chair on the board of a non-profit with Ben Affleck and what other company?
What show is an American-Canadian drama starring Scott Lowell playing Ted Schmidt?
In what year was the woman whose former chief of staff was Rachel Noerdlinger born?
The Oxus cobra contains what kind of ions for their venom to be active?
What year saw the founding of the baseball team where Hal McRae played from 1973-87?
What other country was the queen who launched Dannebrog, also a queen for between 1918 and 1944?
Who won an award first, the Brothers Quay or Alexandra Shiva?
What was the nationality of Marco Garibaldi's former partner?
A theoretical explanation of the Wien effect has been proposed by a man awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in what year?
Which is located in Hunan province, Huaihua or Qitaihe?
Which baseball player and manager was born in Ellisville, Mississippi, home of 4448 people?
What animal subject to the Foster's rule is the smallest North American deer?
Who is an American musician, Peter Chelsom or Billy Bob Thornton?
The 1950 BRDC International Trophy included what entrant from Bourne, Lincolnshire, England?
If Cheung Kong Center were to host A Symphony of Lights, what aspect of the center would be necessary to do so?
Have Peter Cetera and Jeremy McKinnon both been members of a band?
What is the actor who starred in School Spirit best known for?
In what country is both Faxe and Heineken brewed in?
What is the nickname of the airplane model flown in Malaysian Airlines Flight 370?
Which gold mine is located in the Bridge River District, Bralorne or Dome Mine?
What position did the former American first lady who employed Ann M. O'Leary during her husband's presidency hold in the Obama administration?
Both Corydalis and Cedrus are what level of classification in the naming system?
What award did a single from the first Foo Fighters album to feature Chris Shiflett win?
Which film director is younger, Del Lord or Wang Xiaoshuai?
Who writes poetry such as Glaring Through Oblivion as well as leading the heavy metal band System Of A Down?
This American actor who starred in "Veep" was also in an action comedy film directed by Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg heavily inspired by what?
What is the given name of the creator of the Album released on July 7, 2017 by Slaughter Gang and Epic Records?
What album did a Danish-born Montenegrin singer born in 1971 release in late spring 2008?
For which film did, the composer who scored the music for Interview with the Vampire, win the Academy Award?
Doloroso, Mississippi rests on the US highway that runs for how many miles?
What is the name of the 3 Michelin Star Restaurant that is located in the second largest hotel in the United States?
The ancient Roman town near Fusaro Lake is now the commune of what?
Was Howard Hawks a screenwriter of more productions than Arthur Berthelet?
Are both the Aşiyan Museum and Sultan Ahmed Mosque located in Istanbul?
Leigh Silverman was nominated for the 2014 Tony Award, Best Direction for a musical based on which short story?
When did the company that produced "Six Gates Far Away Mon Colle Knight" begin?
What is the name of the business that George Dayton founded and later Bruce Dayton expanded?
Where is a place that has both Lano Estacado and Buda Limestone geological formations?
How many stored does the American fast food restaurant franchise that sponsored Subway 400 have?
What British rock band is responsible for bolstering Quiet Riot's hit "Mental Health"?
Both Martha Stewart Living and Tall Timber Short Lines are considered what?
Which was around longer in 2010, Miss Universe or Miss Perú?
What is the name of the widow of the earl who served as both Foreign Secretary and Prime Minster from 1955 to 1957?
Former player Darius Maskoliūnas coaches for which of the oldest Lithuanian basketball teams?
The metafamily of graphical operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft offers what kind of help to musicians?
From which Metallica album does the song, used by Niels de Ruiter as walk-on music, come?
Are the bands "Halestorm" and "Say Anything" from different states?
Between the two musicians, Peter Garrett and Ryo Kawakita, who has had more diverse job experiences?
How long was the Underdog show presented by an English comedian Julian Clary?
Were both Ted Tetzlaff and David Siegel film actors?
What film title does J. F. Lawton and Shawn Levy have in common?
As of 2016, which band released more albums, The Last Shadow Puppets or The Classic Crime?
Which band-mate of Joe Perry's co-wrote "Monkey On My Back" and is known as the "Demon of Screamin"?
Lacu is a dummer from a sovereign state in Norther Europ whose population in 2016 was what?
Who was the goalkeeper who blocked the most decorated English footballer player of all time?
In the 2016 romantic drama "Me Before You" directed by Thea Sharrock, Sam Claflin (who also appears in The Hunger Games) stars as which character?
Which actress had roles in the movies "Janie Jones" and "Signs"?
What number post-Beatles album of Paul McCartney did "No Words" appear on?
Edwin van der Sar spoke to the crowd after the fireworks incident on April 20, 2014 during the KNVB Cup final match. Which team won that game?
A major character in the 2000 novel "Storm Front" had her name changed to what when the novel series was adapted for television?
What do it yourself magazine does William Gurstelle write for?
While both singer-songwriters have displayed incredible talent, what sets Robert Palmer apart from Wayne Coyne, causing him to gain populatiry in two continents?
The made for television biopic Ishi: The Last of His Tribe based on Alfred L. Kroeber is about what tribe?
Which happened first Battle of Okinawa or Operation Nordwind?
David J. Wineland was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physics jointly with which French physicist known for a study of the particle of light?
What band was formed earlier, Better Than Ezra or the Melvins?
Steve Peterson appeared as which character in a Shakespeare comedy written for the close of the Christmas season?
Morning glory and Sorbus are both a genus of plants?
Are Camassia and Chelone both native to North America?
Are the University of West Florida and FH Joanneum both American Universities?
What type od dance music inspired the band, "The Kabalas"?
Who was the two time Walter Camp Coach of the Year winner who led the 2000 Oklahoma Sooners to an Orange Bowl victory?
Shanghai Noon was the directorial debut of an American film director whose other credits include Showtime, Failure to Launch, and what other film?
Which musician was born first, John Tardy or Tom Barman?
Who is the artist of The Scarlet Letter and debdebuted on the music scene as Missy Elliott's protégée?
What was the royal title of the man whose German government backed the colonization of Poland by German settlers, one ofthe factors leading to the plight of rural Poland which was the focus of the novel The Outpost?
Lewis Moran was murdered a week after the death of the hitman from what Australian city?
What is the nickname for this United States drag racer who drove Brutus?
Where was the NFL draft held in which Kenyatta Walker was selected in the first round by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
ND Črnuče was managed in the mid-90s by the football coach of what nationality?
"State of Grace" and "I knew You Were Trouble" were both off of Taylor Swift's "Red" album, which song was written by Swift, Max Martin and Shellback?
An operatic commedia in three acts that is by an Italian Baroque composer who was famous for operas and chamber cantatas, was first performed where?
When was the man who was filmed by his brother and friend as he built a romantic relationship on Facebook born?
When did the politician who represented the electoral district in Sydney's West resign from his political party?
Who was the original executive producer of the children's television series, produced by Sesame Workshop and created by Joan Ganz Cooney and Lloyd Morrisett?
How did the first movie of the series that spawned Arthur 3: The War of the Two Worlds do internationally?
Was Winnie the Pooh or The Jungle Book released first?
Who is younger, Yevgeny Kafelnikov or Allan Stone?
What were the Royal Navy Battleships, that were considered the first fast battleships and were used in WWI and WWII?
Where did Auguste von Müller play Dalila in 1877?
Héctor Canziani is best known for his directorship and production of the 1950 tango dancing film Al Compás de tu Mentira based on a play by a writer who passed away in which year?
In which decade was the Ivel Z3 and the Prológica CP-400 developed in?
What network did the 2003 animated television show voiced by Jim Conroy air on?
What country was Daniel Awde born in?
Which British aristocrat and politician born in 1945 served as the Chairman of the Council of King's College London before Christopher Geidt?
Which film came out later, Pocahontas or The Game Plan?
What series does the American character actor best-known for playing General Hammond star in the first episode?
What sport are Mary-Ann Eisel and Christo van Rensburg known for playing?
How many doors was the hatchback introduced in late 2000 by BMW in the former Morris plant?
Mandaluyong includes a shopping mall that is located in what shopping center?
The Silver Nugget is a casino and arena located in a city that was incorporated on what date?
Who founded both the Sapling Foundation and Future Publishing?
Are Robin Hobb and Winston Churchill both American writers?
Argent Corporation was a company in Las Vegas that at one time controlled a hotel that operated when?
Which contains more species, Stigmaphyllon or Aloe?
Luke Day was known for his leadership role in an armed uprising in Massachusetts that ended in what year?
A Lady's Morals starred which English aviator and amateur boxing champion?
Which geologic formation is found in the northern edge of Patagonia?
The Battle of Tornavento was a feature of the Thirty Years' War, a religious conflict across which continent?
Where in England does Maxime Teremoana "Max" Crocombe play football?
What level of education does Ateneo de Davao University offer that the University of Minnesota does not?
Who was the coach who left for Milan the same year that the first golden goal scorer was topscorer for Udinese Calcio?
On which stock exchange does the makers of Panadol night have a primary listing?
Spaceballs, a 1987 American film, starred which actor that was best known for his role in "Eight is Enough"?
If you use the lyrics from Tom Lehrer and the tune of Major-General's Song The Pirates of Penzance, what list will you be able to recite?
In which city is Swinburne University of Technology, home of the Centre for Astrophysics and Supercomputing?
Sandy Fox was a voice actress in King of the Hill, what else do they have in common?
The short story from The Wind’s Twelve Quarters that won the Hugo Award in 1974 was published in what year?
Ashley Hicks' mother is a great niece of what Empress of Russia?
Adrienne Maloof was a businesswoman who is part of a family from what city?
Who owns a mall in Youngstown, Ohio with a BAM! store?
What is the nickname of the first baseman who was traded by the Padres in 2010?
University of Maryland, College Park is the largest university in that state. In what state is Rutgers University the largest institution for higher learning?
When did the coach of the Karachi Kings finish his time as coach of the Australia national cricket team?
Who was born more recently, Dean Koontz or A. E. Housman?
"The Little Sisters of Eluria" was included in which American author's collection "Everything's Eventual"?
Edward Scobie is best known for research he did in which african immagrants in Europe are born from where?
What song recorded by Barbadian recording artist Rihanna was written by Corey Chorus?
Ubaydallah ibn Abdallah ibn Tahir was the last major Tahirid to hold high office in what dynasty?
What is included in the complex where the play Punk Rock was premiered?
Are eith Nicotiana or Encyclia genus of pine trees?
Are both documentary films The One Percent and Air Force, Incorporated from the same country?
Which former lawyer previously held the seat held by Yuh-Line Niou?
What is the former leader of the school of Soviet and Russian humorists's son the head of?
How many awards did the alphabetically first animator of The Country Cousin receive?
Are both Mariqueen Maandig and Pelle Almqvist from the same country?
What is the name of Robert Dr Niros characters wife?
Grassmann's law is named after a linguist born in which year?
David Knox is the former Chief Executive Officer and Managing Director of a company owned predominantly by nationals of which country?
What English operatic tenor sang the duet "O soave fanciulla " from Puccini's opera "La bohème" with Mary Plazas?
What do Freedomland U.S.A. and Baychester both have in common?
What music subgenre that is influenced a lot by sounds from Texas and Oklahoma does Jason Eady represent?
Who is the boyfriend of the animated female duck voiced by Clarence Nash?
The son of the The Marvel Comics Character created by Stan Lee and John Romita Sr in 1967 is what kind of character?
Which occupation did Gareth Evans and Michael Winner have in common?
When did the magazine Wallace Hester work for run?
Which singer also produced records, Eugene Hütz or Alex Chilton?
The scholar who analyzed the Ben Sira scroll added portions to a book of the Bible written by the author on the inspiration of who?
The 2013 Indiana Hoosiers football team were lead by which current offensive coordinator at Ohio State?
Which act did the band Twenty Twenty support who began her career starring in the children's television series "Barney & Friends"?
In the 1975–76, Seattle SuperSonics lost to a team based in which US state?
Miracle is a song by Julian Perretta, that was a collaboration with what Belgian DJ and record producer that is best known for "Are you with me" and "Reality"?
What company owns both Mountain Dew and Tropicana Products?
By how many days per decade has the melt season lengthened in the shallowest of the world's major oceans?
Place Bonaventure is adjacent to a rail station that is used by how many passengers?
Are both Die Macher and Quoridor German board games?
What disease does Minkowski Prize and Oskar Minkowski have in common?
What was the name of the Australian bred Thoroughbred racehorse who won Australia's most prestigious annual Thoroughbred horse race in 1950?
What did the king of England, Scotland and Ireland create in 1652?
What project did the namesake of 2752 Wu Chien-Shiung work on?
Are musicians Paul Cotton and Cedric Bixler-Zavala both members of a band?
Which genus is more spread around the world Maytenus or Eucommia?
Does Lüliang or Fuxin have a larger population?
Are Shiba Inu and Leonberger both large dog breeds?
Which English actor was a supporting cast in Tristan & Isolde?
What to Autograph Collector Magazine and Linux Journal have in common?
Eric Musselman was an assistant coach for Orlando Magic Under doc rivers and what head coach that led United States men's Olympic basketball team to the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics.?
Who was born first, Béla Bartók or Dmitri Shostakovich?
Is the Staffordshire Bull Terrier bigger than the Miniature American Shepherd?
In what year did the author who wrote "The 19th Wife" release his novel that was adapted into a Academy Award winning film starring Eddie Redmayne?
One of the natives of Reggiolo was last manager of what German football club?
What county music artist first gained national attention as a winner on "You Can Be a Star" and wen on to provide background vocals in 199 on the 1992 release of the song "Take It Like a Man"?
What is the stage name of the singer who is starring in "The Underdog" alongside Park So-dam and Park Chul-min?
What is the alternate translation for the honorary title of which Vladimir Basov and Inna Churikova were both recipients?
Which company released the movie series starring Adam Herz and David H. Steinberg?
What former Federal Bureau of Investigation agent is the film Breach based on?
Who was a professor of theology at the University of Leiden as well as a student of Theodore Beza?
Were both Memotech MTX and TEC-1 single-board kit computers?
Trax Colton appeared in two films as a contract player for an American film studio located just west of where?
Who did the 47th Governor appoint as a justice of the Supreme Court of Texas?
Vala is a character that is mentioned in the world created by what English author?
Which genus of flowering plant has more species Bulbophyllum or Bismarckia?
The World War II hero whom the USS Elrod was named after, graduated from what two Universities?
In 1981 the European School, Munich moved to its current location in a borough that was built starting in what year?
Roy Hilton played in Super Bowl V against the Cowboys, what was his position?
In what year did the historical film drama based on the true story of Charles Horman win The Palme d'Or?
How much of South Dakota is west of the longest river in North America?
Which lasted longer, Korean War or Battle of Mindanao?
In which English town did Adam Chance Angus Rayner appear on stage in "Romeo and Juliet"?
On what island is the country in which Malcolm Allen was born?
A Simple Plan was a thriller novel that led to a film starring whom?
Jo Lynn "Jody" Allen is the sister of which American business magnate, investor and philanthropist?
Were the films Victory Through Air Power and Encounters at the End of the World released in the same year?
The President of Egypt was know to call the Egyptian revolution of 1952 by what other name?
The Sagittarius Dwarf Spheroidal Galaxy, a loop-shaped galaxy of the Milky Way, is which type of the three main classes of galaxy originally described by Edwin Hubble in "The Realm of the Nebulae"?
What is the actual first name of the director of the film Hollywood Ending?
What is the name of the fourth-largest Korean-language wiki focused on amine and manga fandom?
What is the name of the illegitimate daughter of the President involved in the Teapot Dome scandal?
Which movie starring Kim Roi-ha is based on Korea's first serial murders in history?
The 1982 NC State Wolfpack were led by the coach who is currently a defensive assistant at which college?
What is the main base of the airline co-founded by John Nicolaas Block?
Does Jack and Coke or Pink Gin use lemon rind as garnish?
Abbottsburg was named for Joseph Carter Abbott, president of the Cape Fear Building Company and veteran of what war?
Who released their debut album first, The Operation M.D. or Framing Hanley?
Which of the film in which Jeremy Irvine had a role is a 2012 British teen drama film directed by Ol Parker?
What was the man whom Dr. Diarmuid Whelan wrote his doctoral thesis on?
Fuck and The Celluloid Closet are both what?
Was Jan Egil Storholt born in the third largest city in Norway?
Farallon Capital was founded by a hedge fund manager born in which year?
What Hotcourses Group founder was born in 1966?
Thomas "Tom" Lonie played for which team at the King Power Stadium?
John Maitland is a former American football running back, who earned what award that is given to winners of the Super Bowl?
Were Maurice White and Carol Decker both singers?
Are John Collier and Martin Amis the same nationality?
Where was this the actor born in 1899 who starred in The Tuttles of Tahiti trained at?
When considering Kelly D.Johnston and Bod Dole, which state was represented in the United States senate first - Oklahoma or Kansas?
Which road leading into Kentucky was near one of locales of the Green-Jones War and was turned down to become the National Road?
The group that owns the luxury watch company Longines was founded in which year?
How many expansion packs have been created for a game that Keith Baker, a game designer, created?
After competing in its first Winter Olympics, where will South Korea's national Ice hockey team make their World Championship debut?
Who played in the movie The Mint and also was on the TV show Jersey Shore?
What is the english name of the encyclical which was written by the Bishop of Rome and the sovereign of Vatican City?
What branch of military was the governor, who Sarah Steelman is currently serving, part of?
Renne Montagne and Steve Inskeep successed which Peabody Award-winning member of the National Radio Hall of Fame on NPR's Morning Edition?
Caldera de Taburiente National Park and Teide National Park are located in which island chain?
Which dog has more traits, the Norwegian Buhund, or the English Foxhound?
Who was Nicholas II of Russia's father?
What is the name of an album that features cover versions of songs off of a 1991 record by an Anglo-Irish rock band formed in Dublin in 1983?
Who directed the 1997 comedy film Rya Kihlstedt was in?
Tye White plays Kevin Satterlee in a drama series that premiered in what date?
The Argentine city Crespo holds an annual beer festival based on a German festival that began in what year?
Who's the husband of the writer of The Unknown?
When was the U.S. Senator representing Alabama died who's memoir was When Hell Was in Session?
In which town was CamCutter first revealed?
Did both movies, Alice's Birthday and Eleanor's Secret, come out in the same year?
Kamarinskaya was a folk dance that shares a name with the composer who was the first in his country to be recognized for what type of music?
What was the nationality of the costume designer of Homage to the Queen?
What do both Aealo and Rotting Christ have in common?
Who was the producer of the studio album that was supported by Pearl Jam's Vs. Tour?
Did the composer Charles Gounod or Mikhail Glinka live past the year 1875?
What mortgage and savings provider did Mr. Marks charge on Mrs. Hodgson freehold?
Who is the husband of lady which Camilla Luddington played her role in the Lifetime TV film?
What position did the chief strategy officer for the Cleveland Browns hold when he worked for the Dodgers?
Who has more scope of profession, PJ Harvey or Salt?
How often is the journal established by the 1954 recipient of the Bharat Ratna published?
Walter Iván Montoya is an Argentine professional footballer who plays for a club that was formed on what date?
Which band was formed first, Loudspeakers or Marcy Playground?
Which director was from a geographically smaller country, Éric Rohmer or Robert Stevenson?
What was named one of the seven wonders fo the architetural world by the magazine that has won twenty-five National Magazine awards?
What is the population according to the 2010 census of the town the Connor-Bovie House is located?
Where was the docmentary television show Inked located when filmed?
What nationality were the ancestors of the congresswoman who introduced WEEA?
What is the Kissin U singer known for in the Guiness World Records book?
Which woman's magazine was published first, the Australian Woman's Mirror or Woman's Viewpoint?
Apart from the founder of the Exclusive Brethren, what is the name of the second person who was sent by the Plymouth Brethren to investigate the outbreak of supernatural gifts of the Holy Spirit in Scotland?
For what other platform besides television did the actor who voiced a role in the animated DC Comics universe also voice roles for?
Another american singer Jack Splash wrote music for was?
What former Governor of Santa Cruz won after a runoff was canceled?
What breed besides the Xoloitzcuintli is specifically bred for alopecia?
Are Finance and I'm the Boss! both based on cooperation?
Who did the warchief Red Cloud defeat in the Powder River War?
Which tennis player is from Europe, Virginia Ruano Pascual or Andy Roddick?
An album released by Ziggy Marley called Dragonfly featured Flea who is best known as a bassist from what rock band?
What nationality is the singer of the song Love Crime?
What position at a university was held by the coach working with the Texas Longhorns during the 1932–33 season?
Sosarme was written by this German and later British composer who became a naturalized British subject in what year?
What address does Diana Ross live at?
Are Just, Melvin: Just Evil and Speaking in Strings both documentaries about musicians?
"The Poor Kid" is the fifteenth season finale of a series created by who?
In what region was Eddy Mazzoleni born?
Who was the bassist for Tool's song "Schism"?
What Cleveland Ohio based department store was one of the original anchors for the Parmatown Mall?
To whom was the shuttle service that operates in the Northeastern region sold to under its former name in 1989?
What is the name of the third largest East Asian stock exchange that once featured the New World Department Store China?
Who is the director of the horror comedy that Josh Stolberg participated screenwriting?
Kahibah FC is based is what country?
When was the deposition of the father of Charles Lennox Duke of Richmond?
In what year was Archduke Franz Ferdinand assassinated during the July Crisis?
Unlike a certain secretive recipe, Open-source cola is published. Who founded the secret formula?
Are Bobby Tench and Marilyn Manson both songwriters?
British screenwriter John Hodge adapted The Beach for a movie from the novel by which author?
What is the name of the painting stolen on March 19, 1990 for which a museum initially offered a $5 million reward for information leading towards its recovery?
What mid-fifties Canadian golf event on the PGA Tour was sponsored by the largest brewer in Canada?
What locations is the folklore which Huldra belongs to representative of?
What North Lincolnshire, England village contains the Humber Ferry?
What goalkeeper participated in a football game for the premiere of A Trip to Jamaica?
Skepticality has featured interviews with one of the cast members of the entertainment program created by whom?
The place where John Laub is an American criminologist and Distinguished University Professor in the Department of Criminology and Criminal Justice at was founded in what year?
What town does the Mount Agamenticus region covers has the summer resort's name means "beautiful place by the sea"?
When was the King of Hungary and Croatia who transferred Schottenkirche to German-speaking Benedictine monks born?
What section of the canal that passes through Yealand Redmayne was never completed?
Where are the headquarters of the league the Denver Pioneers play in?
"Bass Down Low" is a single made by Dev as a follow up to a Far East Movements song from what album?
Which has a greater population, Changchun or Huainan?
What American quarterback for the Vikings worked with Terry Shea?
Who acts as an analyst for a TV network for Kansas Jayhawks women's basketball team?
Are Waris Hussein and Mathieu Kassovitz both actors?
Which Disney Film was released first, Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N. or The Apple Dumpling Gang?
How many hotel rooms are in the Las Vegas hotel which hosted the 38th Annual Daytime Emmy Awards in 2011?
Which English couriter was married to the daughter of Gilbert Talbot, 7th Earl of Shrewsbury?
Marilyn Buck participated in the prison escape of what Black Liberation Army member?
Moisés Solano helped fund his racing career by playing a sport that is a variation of what game?
What technology used to be how the school that Adelaide Miethke conducted classes?
The Kenwood Collection shopping center is located between Kentwood Towne Centre and a highway with a northern terminus in what city?
Which actress from The Andy Griffith Show was also part of the 1949 film Father Was a Fullback?
Jamie Bell stars a 2008 American science fiction action film that is loosely based a 1992 novel written by whom?
Hi Fly Malta is a subsidiary of a charter airline located in what city?
In what state are the headquarters of this American multinational automaker, which has a 50:50 joint venture with Changan Automobile?
Which city that publishes the Marathi daily newspaper 'Loksatta' is titled "The City of Gates"?
How many times has the driver, who won the Nation's Cup with Petter Solberg, in the 2014 Race of Champions, won the 24 Hours of Le Mans?
Did the authors Isaac Asimov and Jean Giono write their fictions in a similar setting?
Who directed the black comedy film for which Jacques Mathou was best known?
Has Alek Keshishian been the writer for more films than Mark Krikorian?
What is Chinese name for the science fiction prequel to an American neo-noir science fiction film directed by Denis Villeneuve?
A Seattle Illustrator and editorial cartoonist, who was the first illustrator to show a public market that overlooks the Elliot Bay waterfront, was the son of what other cartoonist?
This British scholar who attended the oldest English-speaking university in the English speaking world was president of the British academy for what length of time?
Are Sorghastrum and Calocedrus both a genus of grass?
What number president was the most notable Congressman from Massachusetts Congressional District 11?
Which American actor has been featured in the movie Avengers: Infinity War and has been nominated for four Academy Awards?
What German national anthem was reinstalled after Ich hab' mich ergeben?
Batman: Knight Gallery was a comic book that featured art from the artist best known for work on what two other comics?
What project was finished at a later date, Panzer VII Lowe or Panzer VII Maus?
How many years of service must be performed to receive the ribbon created by the first United States Secretary of Defense?
Who was born first, Dickran Tevrizian or Christy Canyon?
Who is the grandmother to the famous poet from Joplin Missouri?
The 1932 Maccabiah Games were in commemoration of the 1800th anniversary of a revolt that historians also refer to as what?
Where is the brand and buying group which Filco foods has 8 stores and operates as part of located?
What arena built in 1987 do the Melbourne Vixens play home games at?
Between Ray Wilson and Nick Carter, who has released more solo albums?
What year was the Voivodeship, where Anna Maria Borowska was born, created?
Lee Min-ho stared in his first leading film role in 2015 in a film which was set in which part of Seoul?
The horse-collar tackle technique is most closely associated with a football player who played college football for what school?
Which 1961 book was written by one of the founders of the Creation Research Society?
How far from Sydney was Marie Cornish born at?
Do Bellevalia and Pear belong to the same family?
What genre of television are the shows Buried Treasure and Pawn stars?
Elvira Madigan's father was born in what year?
The Bee Gees were a music group that was formed in 1958. Where was their album released in?
Who is the American bass guitarist known for his work in a virtual death metal band featured in "Metalocalypse"?
What is the name of the battle in the American Revolutionary War that François de Fleury served in during June of 1778?
Kim Coco Iwamoto appointed who as the seventh governor of Hawaii?
Are Ulrich Seidl and Amir Naderi both directors?
What position does Tobias Schweinsteiger's brother play for Chicago Fire?
Oumar Tchomogo who was born in Cotonou, where is this city located?
Are Thomas Keneally and Peter Straub both novelists?
What is the current home stadium for the California football team which formerly included John David Crow?
Cloud Nine featured the Irish band originally known by what name?
What country does Shayang County and Mengzhou have in common?
Who directed the 1973 Argentine romantic musical film starring the Argentine Elvis?
Where is the laboratory that houses The Tandem Van de Graaff located?
What site, popular among spring breakers, were also places were Jeopardy! Collect Championship contestant searches was held?
What significantly underreported activity does the band Hirsute Pursuit focus on thematically?
What was the nationality of the person who said Leonard Jimmie Savage was "one of the few people I have met whom I would unhesitatingly call a genius"?
In which city is the J. I. Clements Stadium which is home of the Georgia Southern University Eagles baseball team?
Ohio native William Gladstone Steel helped create Crater Lake National Park, where the lake is most famous for what?
What nationality was the actress that stared in Madeleine, that was also Leans then wife?
Do both MODE and Women's Health focus on the issues faced by women?
What countries utilize the ECTS grading scale that Norway adopted?
The Marathon is a mixtape by a rapper whose recodings inlcude one called what in which which rapper Jay-Z, bought 100 copies for $100 each?
What cable and satellite television channel owned by Turner Broadcasting System developed the a telenovela starring Sheryl Rubio together with Víctor Drija?
What kind of compilation does Subways and Wildflower have in common?
When did the player who died of cardiac arrest during practice play for the Celtics?
Are The Hives and Broder Daniel both from the same country?
Were Bedhead and Hinder both rock bands?
What actor born in 1930 starred in a movie produced by Don Siegel?
The Men's 2013 US Open Series was won by which Spanish player, currently World #1?
The LNW-80 and Amstrad PCW are both what kind of machine?
How are the Ox-tongue pastry and the Youtiao cooked?
Who directed the film for which Danny Michael was nominated for an Academy Award?
Which player singed to Bayern Munich was born in 18 October 1983?
What was the nationality of the mixed martial artist who defeated Trent Jenkins in the first ever fight in UFC history?
What NFL team did the host of "The Challenge" play for when they won the Super Bowl?
The film "Ikke Pe Ikka" stars Shanti Priya, Chandni, and an actor that has won how many Filmfare Awards?
Gwyn Williams recruited an English professional footballer who plays what position?
In what state did Joan Friedman work as a Jewish Chaplain for six years?
What development in Price George's County is located along the Potomac River?
Hawaiian tropical dry forests have a dominant tree species of which tree in the pea family?
State Route 126 connects Lewiston and which official Town of Washington and town in Knox County, Maine?
What championship game at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum featured Mike Mercer on the Kansas City Chiefs in 1967?
Where was the draft where Tywon Ronell Lawson was picked by the Minnesota Timberwolves held?
Which actress appeared in a movie based on a novella written by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry in 1943?
Are Jeffersonia and Andersonia two completely different plants?
Which of the two major peninsulas that make up the state of Michigan contains the M-69 Highway?
The Clemson Tigers competed in the 2015 Orange Bowl in what city?
Who did Father Con Scollen evangelized that had traces of their descent to Indigenous peoples of the Americas and French, English, and Scottish?
The last descendant of the leader of the Anglo-Saxon settlement of Britain was never what?
When was the actor born who played the founder and leader of the Order of the Phoenix in the last six films of the series?
Hargus Melvin "Pig" Robbins who has played with an American alternative rock band whose highest charting single was what?
Josh Brolin was cast as which Marvel Comics character in the X-Men universe?
Who was born first Brian Trenchard-Smith or James Bridges?
The Big Game is aired against which American sitcom on ATV-0?
Which Wisconsin Badgers player won a Heismann trophy and was elected to the Pro Bowl in each of their first four seasons?
Are Arthropodium and Peraphyllum in the same family?
Who is the current guitarist for the band that released the album This Is Your Way Out?
The American actor who won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1980 also starred in a 2003 crime drama directed by who?
Who is known, with Eugene O'Neill and Arthur Miller, as one of the three foremost American dramatists of the 20th century, Tennessee Williams or Anita Shreve?
Who lived longer, Al-Ghazali or Averroes (Ibn Rushd)?
Who is the leader of the Network Italy faction within Popular Alternative?
In which american sitcom with 247 episodes did Jeff Mooring appeared?
What date was the Auatrailian politiican who has been a member of the Australian House of Representatives since 1996 swarn into the 68th ministry of the Austrailing government?
Which team did the head coach of the 1985 Oklahoma Sooners lead to a Super Bowl victory?
Who wrote the 2013 episode of the TV show Modern Family that was directed by the actor who played Kevin Arnold in "The Wonder Years"?
Which rocket propelled weapon, sometimes referred to as the "Stovepipe," did Colonel Leslie Alfred Skinner help develop?
Sweethearts features which stand-up comedian in a supporting role?
Who was the manager of the Beatles who was portrayed in a stage play by Andrew Lancel?
As of 2016, how many locations does the barbeque restaurant that was founded by a former Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs have?
Which musician during the earliest period covered in Time Waits for No One: Anthology 1971–1977 had the first full-length appearance on a Rolling Stones album?
Where was the public high school at which Freddie James became the head coach located?
The MTV Europe Music Award for Best Song was first award to a song performed by who?
Where is the team that Federico Agliardi plays for based?
Jan van Aken is a writer belonging to which Germanic ethnic group native to the Netherlands?
Who was born first, Muhammad Iqbal or Ali Qushji?
What are the accounting companies that make up the "Big Four" excluding Ernst & Young?
This character in the historical drama legal thriller film "Bridge of Spies" was born on July 11, 1903.?
Which Coyote Sister member is related to singer in the Mamas & the Papas?
What year was the actor who played Sherlock Holmes in Sherlock born?
The first person to interpret Relational quantum mechanics has worked in what countries?
What national French film award was given to actress Isabelle Adjani in 2010?
On which Portuguese island has the largest European airline by scheduled passengers flown had a base since 2015?
Although they come from different countries, what genre of music do the bands Freeze the Atlantic and She Wants Revenge play?
Have Victoria Larimore and Mauritz Stiller both worked as film directors?
Which beverage is sold in more countries, Schweppes or Lilt?
In "The Bowery", Lilliam Harmer played a historical character known for attacking alcohol-serving establishments with what?
What the locals consider for a suburb of a town which is in the Division of Mayo?
What movie was produced first, Muppet Treasure Island or Honey, I Shrunk the Kids?
Pal Dukagjiniwas part of a military alliance that was founded by which Albanian nobleman?
The film Circle was inspired by a 1957 movie directed by who?
What sort of art did Herbert Abrams complete using the Chief of Staff of the United States Army from 1968 to 1972 as a subjecy?
Which American cinematographer is best know for his work in a 1998 American romantic comedy-drama film directed by Nora Ephron?
"Not Giving Up" is a song by a girl group formed through what record label?
When was the manager of the 2000 country music group inspired by boy bands convincted?
Besides the length of Charles Grethen's primary race event, which two race lengths are standard in middle-distance running?
Which division did Oklahoma City Thunder win in 2015-16, their first season under current head coach Billy Donovan?
Which Hall of Fame point guard was first selected for an NBA All-Star Game in 1994, alongside Shawn Kemp?
Between Cyclamen and Fargesia, which genus to spread to more continents?
What is the common profession of Jean-Pierre Melville and Manfred Noa?
Who starred in the 1992 film directed by the director of Cherry Falls for which he gained cult success?
What cricketeer active 1974–1993 had a strong performance in the tour by the Australian cricket team in England in 1981?
For which rock band did Mark Evans play bass guitar on the band's third LP released in Australia and in Europe in 1976?
Who was the creator of the show where Wayne Knight played Mr. Blik?
What occupation is shared by Luca Prodan and Glenn Gregory?
Nobody Loves You was written by John Lennon and released on what album that was issued by Apple Records, and was written, recorded, and released during his 18 month separation from Yoko Ono?
Who is older, Danny Shirley or Kevin Parker?
What size do Cape Peninsula University of Technology and Alexandria University have in common?
What was the score of Philadelphia Eagles after the year of the team not reaching the Super Bowl, despite being favored in the final two NFC title games?
What participant in Operation Phantom Linebacker currently has about 17,000 soldiers, 10,000 of whom are stationed in South Korea?
Pre-Madonna was a collection of demos by the singer who was a leading presence during the emergence of what network?
Who was the director of the 2004 Hong Kong martial arts film starring the actress whose nickname is "Dingding"?
My Son starred the actor who began his career in which field in the 1990s?
What fictional antihero from comic books published by DC Comics, who sometimes acts as a cab driver, was created by Alan Moore, Steve Bissette, and John Totleben?
Which women's cricket team based in Sydney, Australia featured an Australian sportswoman named Ellyse Alexander Perry?
This American author, known for historical fiction, wrote a novel that vividly depicts the Berlin Airlift near its end. Who is he?
Thomas Heckert worked with four coaches, including James "Jimmy" Johnson, who was a broadcaster in this sport?
Sensitivity was covered by a Tejano singer who was called what for her clothing choices?
Which Italian choregrapher appeared on Season 12 of Dancing with the Stars?
Dina Meyer played Detective Allison Kerry in an American horror franchise that consists of how many feature films?
Which of these events came first, the release of the movie Toy Story or the death of marathon runner Stylianos Kyriakides?
The 24th Hong Kong Film Awards ceremony was a positive for the 2004 Hong Kong romantic drama written and directed by whom?
Which New England university has a larger main campus, University of Hartford or University of Massachusetts Amherst?
Craig Duane Neal who was selected in the 1988 NBA draft by a team based in which US state?
Were the bands Man or Astro-man? and Tool formed during the same decade?
Why was the hills tavern renamed the century inn?
What type of gesture does Donets-Krivoy Rog Soviet Republic and have in common?
Which movie was directed by Damien Chazelle and won the 2017 Guild of Music Supervisors Awards?
Where Harry Beaumont and Theodore Wharton co-stars in a movie?
What kind of vegetation does Filipendula and Aloinopsis have in common?
Jon Bokenkamp wrote the screen play for the film starring which two actors?
Who sings the lead song in a 2010 romantic comedy starring Jessica Alba, Kathy Bates, and Bradley Cooper?
When did the founder of the Westboro Baptist Church die?
Who had their Houston Aeros debut in the 1973-74 season and is nicknamed "Mr. Hockey"?
Do Super Furry Animals and Social Distortion have the same amount of current band members?
Which 2015 internationally co-produced drama film directed by Joachim Trier did Thomas Robsahm produced in 2015?
Mudvayne's single "Happy?" was the theme song of a PPV event that was held in what city?
Where was the Rector of an evangelical Anglican church in the city of Adelaide, South Australia from 1957-1973 born?
Which five uniformed services of the United States are eligible for the National Defense Service Medal?
Who directed the 1979 American drama film that starred the actress who won the Golden Globe Award for Best Supporting Actress for "Psycho"?
Which Swiss low-cost airline operated out of the airport that is also connected to by a British express coach operator?
Which dance music project did Tyler Pope play with?
Which writer was African-American, Patrick White or Ernest J. Gaines?
Which director is from a country closer to the United States, Arturo Ripstein or Bahman Ghobadi?
How many retailers are there in the Souk across from The Dubai Textile Souk?
"(I'm 10,000 Years Old)" was the subtitle of the 11th album by which iconic rock and roll singer?
Of Herbert Achternbusch an David Seltzer, which lived closer to Canada?
What are both Quietdrive and Supergrass?
What Roger Miller novelty song was originally recorded in November 1964?
When did the reality singing competition where a Dutch rapper of Moroccan descent appeared as a judge air?
The States General of the Netherlands meets at what location that is a complex of buildings in the city centre of The Hague?
Breakable You is a book that was made into a movie staring what actor who is also known for roles in Raiders of the Lost Ark and Enchanted April?
Which awards did the writer of Baby Blue win in 1973?
Are Pizza Ranch and Gino's East located in Florida?
In what year was the head coach of the 2009–10 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team born?
Saint-Jean-Chrysostome is a sector within the Les Chutes-de-la-Chaudière-Est borough of the city of Lévis in central Quebec, Canada south of which capital city of the Canadian province with the same name?
Which Major League Baseball did this Dominican former professional baseball player, whom the Indians gave up in exchange for Bruce Ellingsen wth the Dodgers, play in 1985 (other than the Dodgers)?
When did the MV Bessel run aground to at the second largest island in the Mediterranean?
Who was the uncle of German physicist and philosopher who was the longest-living member of the team which performed nuclear research in Germany during the Second World War?
What region of Italy did Giovanni Giarola paint in?
What three letter abbreviation is the college where Chrissy Roberts is head coach commonly referred to by?
How many British ships were named Scipio the African?
Frank Freshwaters pled guilty to voluntary manslaughter and, after a brief sentence at a prison located in which city?
During the Great Depression, which U.S. President dedicated Timberline Lodge in Clackamas County, Oregon?
George Rochberg's Symphony No. 5 was first performed in 1986 under the direction of what Hungarian-born orchestral and operatic conductor?
Which American actor was real life brother of Joey Lawrence, Matthew Lawrence?
At what frequency the news magazine published in which Ursula Gauthier was reporter in China?
Which mountain range contains the highest rise of the Hazel River?
Who created an award in 1990 named after the 2000 winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics?
In which city is this federal prison located where this fictional murderer from the film Slaughterhouse Rock is incarcerated?
Jack Moore played collegiately at the college in what NCAA conference?
Coll is known for Breacachadh also know as?
Are both Paul Schattel and Francis Ford Coppola American film directors?
Which Minnesota Timberwolves player was around 20 or younger in the 2015-16 season and also played for University of Kentucky?
In what year was the Newlands resolution enacted?
Jamesy Boy stars what actor who played himself on eight episodes of "Family Guy"?
The Cleek-McCabe Site is in what region that makes up the northern part of Kentucky?
In what year was the club founded that played Manchester City in the 1972 FA Charity Shield?
What profession do both Phil Alden Robinson and David Nixon share?
Sultans of Swing is a hit song by the British rock band Dire Straits, what is oe of the other hit singles?
What other popular Cartoon Network shows is Lauren Faust responsible for creating?
Which list did "Fires of Winter" reach?
Which musician has been in more bands in his life, Carl Barât or Jesse Michaels?
Which person is older, Ivan Bella, or Frank De Winne?
What is the full name of the dog for whom the 1977 "All-Star Laff-a-Lympics" is named?
What industry does the documentary The Romance of the Far Fur Country focus on, that is also the industry that Hudson's Bay Company operates in?
Which American film, The Country Bears or Bambi, is based on a book by the Austrian author Felix Salten?
The fast food sandwich chain Subway Israel is an international franchise of this American fast food restaurant franchise that has stores in how many countries?
Which magazine published papers more often; The Wittenburg Door or Sports Collectors Digest?
Julius Jackson is the son of the boxer from which territory?
Which social media site did Lily Allen use to gain publicity and BBC airplay for her songs prior to the release of her debut album, "Alright, Still"?
Morgan State University and University of Idaho are what types of universities?
Which building is taller, Marine Midland Building or 4 World Trade Center?
Who published the prequel to Sphereland?
Customer Loyalty is an episode of The Office that guest stars which Greek-Canadian comedian?
Parmanand Deepchand Hinduja founded a company headquartered in what city?
For what purpose the Hamiltonstövare dog and the Istrian Coarse-haired Hound are bred?
The Franco-Italian army led by Eugène de Beauharnais was defreated by an Austrian army commanded by a member of what house?
In which city is the Lowry hotel, which opened featuring a restaurant run by celebrity chef Marco Pierre White?
What character did Sarah Chalke play on the most watched television show in the United States from 1989 to 1990?
What was the population at the 201 census of the census-designated place located 2 mi. above the confluence of the Marias River with the Missouri?
What Spitsbergen based seed bank serves to protects agricultural diversity in the far north, 1300 km from the North Pole?
Where does the motorsport usually presented which is hosted by Union County Speedway?
Who played bass for the debut album of the band that dissolved in 2011, and had a lead singer what born in 1960?
When was one of the hosts born who hosts Newsday from Washington?
What year was the crime novel written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle written, featuring Sherlock Holmes?
Which band is from the US, Pylon or Rivermaya?
What film starring Natalie Portman appeared at the 67th Venice International Film Festival?
Which is a music video director, Jake Kasdan or Peter Szewczyk?
Which gold mine was opened first Ptarmigan and Tom Mine or Lupin Mine?
Which American retailing company supplied Festival's private label brands?
What is the other name for this athletics track event in which Papa M'Baye N'Diaye competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics?
How many troops does the mission that Train Advise Assist Command - South is a part of advise and assist?
What league ranks higher than the one that Lewis Wing plays in?
At which University does the father of the lead singer of The Joggers work?
What has more locations, Fellini's Pizza or Pie Five Pizza Co.?
How many gatherings take place every Sunday at the church that Pascoe St Leger Grenfell donated an acre of land for?
Mindon Row is a street in which Hong Kong District?
Andrew Jarman is the older brother of a former Australian rules footballer who amassed how many games of senior football at AFL, SANFL, and representative level?
Where did Richard Lindzen work when he proposed the Iris hypothesis?
For what role is the female star of Ricochet best known?
The Billion Dollar Hobo is a 1977 American comedy film starring Will Geer and an actor that is the voice of what "SpongeBob SquarePants" character?
Akira Yoshizawa was given the Order of the Rising Sun, 5th class, award by Hirohito during what era in Japanese history?
Vilayat Khan helped introduce Indian Classical Music to the West, along with what other musician who was a student of Baba Allauddin Khan?
Who is the father of AFL medium-sized forward Tory Dickson?
In what city was the person that discovered British singer-songwriter Kavana based?
Where is unincorporated area and census-designated place which, Takoma Langley Crossroads Transit Center is in located?
When was the American retired professional basketball player born who was re-signed to Warriors during the offseason of 2000–01 NBA?
Eddie Cahill is best known for portraying a retired American ice hockey goaltender who was part of the 1980 U.S. hockey team that won the gold medal at the Olympic games that were held where?
What was the nationality of the man with whom Hans Loewald studied philosophy?
What irish comedy duo has the number two Irish Christmas single in 2010?
Where is the state park that provices access toa single 93 mi river that flows northwestward through the southern Appalachian Mountains>?
What type of physical activity does Red, White & Crüe and Mike Tyson have in common?
Of the two artists, Yannis Philippakis and Dorothee Pesch, whose country of origin is geographically closer to Austria?
Which son of a key member of the original New York City circle of the Beat Generation was born on August 2, 1955?
What does the sister magazine to Soap Opera Weekly cover in its magazine?
The musician that plays the sax solo on the Great White song "Gone with the Wind" is a member of a band inducted in to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in what year?
Alexander Payne and Jim Taylor co-wrote a film with music by who?
Which actress who starred in "Violet and Daisy" also won a Primetime Emmy Award for her work on the Hulu drama series "The Handmaid's Tale"?
Who is the husband of the actress that plays Carol Stills in the "Sex Ed" episode of "The Office"?
Jerry Schumacher coached the American long distance runner who won what medal at the 2008 Olympics?
In regards to Mervyn Peake and Robert Erskine Childers, whose works included the influential novel "The Riddle of the Sands."?
Richard Philip Godwin was Project Director for a nuclear-powered merchant ship that cost how much to build?
What is the nationality of the writer and director of the film The Tree of Life?
Montrose Regional Airport a public airport as opposed to Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport which is what?
What is the name of the grandma who is featured in the 2016 film starring Cha Hak-yeon?
Along with the New York Islanders and the New York Rangers, which other NHL franchise is popular in the New York metropolitan area?
Patty Hill is perhaps best known for co-writing, with her sister Mildred Hill a song that was translated into how many languages?
Who was the DJ of the compilation album partially produced by an English cricketer born in Christchurch, New Zealand?
What premier league team did john carlin play for in 1902?
Ziegfeld Follies is a 1946 American musical comedy film starring an american film actress who was also a what?
Where was the songwriter who wrote the songs for the album "Song Hits from Holiday Inn" born?
What is the birth date of the star of Igualita a mí not named Adrian Suar?
How long has Princess Margaretha of Liechtenstein's brother reigned as Grand Duke?
Which building is older, the Mısır Apartment or the Abdi İpekçi Arena?
Which other other major ocean liner for the British Cunard Line preceded the ocean liner that was featured in a book of photographs by Philip Plisson?
From what city was high-lying bass singer and conductor Gotthold Schwarz from?
Who wrote more works, J. M. G. Le Clézio or Ogden Nash?
What member of the country music group Blackhawk plays guitar and also helped write the song "Days of America"?
What was the name of the fighter jet flown by the subject of John Barron's 1980 biography?
When did the police procedural series starring William Estes debut?
Heavy Gear II is a sequel to a game that was released in what year?
When did the Australian rail freight operator, whose main commodities included Aluminium oxide, become part of QR National?
Are Smyrnium and Nymania both types of plant?
Penlee Point, the coastal headland to the SW of the village of Rame in southeast Cornwall, UK, lies at the entrance of what body of water?
Snow Pink was released by a group formed by what company?
Are Hans Fallada and John Buchan both from the same country?
The third single off Tim McGraw's twelfth studio album features which two artists?
In between Jason Schwartzman and Derrick Green who joined the band Sepultura in 1997?
What is the purpose of the program that distinguishes a senior military college?
Blood Ritual was released by which band formed in Sion, Switzerland?
Who wrote Doomquest which establishes Doctor Doom as a member of his rogues gallery?
Beth Quist can play the national musical instrument of what country?
Angiotensin, a peptide hormone, stimulates the release of the main mineralocorticoid hormone from what part of the adrenal gland?
What fictional Marvel Comics superhero team uses the Leapfrog as their main transportation?
What is the release date of the film in which Noah Lomax played the character Lewis?
Leff Nicolas Pouishnoff played works by which Austrian composer born on January 31, 1979?
Tekno Team 2000 was composed of Travis and this wrestler born in what year?
Which game was developed first, Cranium or Thurn and Taxis?
Both Tunxi District and Aral, Xinjiang, are situated in which country?
What year was id Tech 5 first used in a video game?
Johan Mjällby and Neil Lennon were both born in what year?
Do both Gerard Way and Ben Kweller write comic books?
Kevin Clark is a former commissioner of a police department that services a city in which US state?
How old is the fossil record of the order that contains the only strictly marine herbivorous mammal?
How many songs were written by the man who shares attribution for one of his songs with a poem by Emily Huntington Miller?
Peter Filkins held a residency at the artists' community in what New York town?
Which team drafted Emil Johansson in the 52nd NHL Entry Draft in the seventh round?
Melanie Hamilton Wilkes is a fictional character first appearing in a novel whose story is set during what war?
Which professional wrestler is also a football player?
Where is a company based that is attempting to build a flyable reproduction of a German aircraft given the nicknames "Swallow" and "Storm Bird"?
What is the name of the serial killer who buried his victims in the state forest owned by the New South Wales Government?
What highway was the first suburban shopping mall in Austin, Texas located on?
Which person skewered in "Newsical" is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States?
Which meet selection from a meat and three restaurant consists of a piece of steak coated with seasoned flour and pan-fried?
Who was played alongside Morten Suurballe in the three television series "The Killing"?
What is the founding year of this American for-profit college, which helps to operate a 2 year, dual degree high school located in Chicago, Illinois, with Chicago Public Schools?
What traditional dance that originated in the Majha area of the Punjab region was pursued by a San Francisco Bay Area dance team?
Which company operates in more countires BlackRock or Dentsply Sirona?
Mont d'Amin is a mountain of a sub-alpine mountain range located north of the Western Alps, and mainly following what border?
Is it true that both Howea and Bulbophyllum can be found in countries in the Northern Hemisphere?
Where in New York is the highway that ends at the toll barrier for Heckscher State Park in Great River?
Grand Admiral a naval rank in one of the highest in the several European navies that use this system, what system are they using?
What does the logo of VMAQT-1 mean in Old Irish?
What country does Macross Frontier and Mai Mai Miracle originate from?
What Eon Productions film featured a theme song performed by the band Wings?
What Albania town is located on the banks of the Vjosa River in Gjirokastër County and after a 2015 local government reform the village of Progonat became part of its municipality?
When was the former Conservative Member of Parliament who was also part of those who founded Conservative Philosophy Group born?
Which university, Capitol Technology University or Columbia University, is a private Ivy League research university in Upper Manhattan, New York City?
Which musician has a solo punk rock project: Toshiko Koshijima or Frank Iero?
Who starred in Rough Magic that wasborn 7 April 1964?
Who did the 2002 runner up sing two cover songs with on American Idol: Greatest Moments?
Pasquale Pistoriois the ex president of a multinational electronics and semiconductor manufacturer headquartered in which city?
What country of origin does Squirrel Nut Zippers and Sponge have in common?
What is the four-letter code published in the International Civil Aviation Organization for Broumov Airport?
How many games did the player known as "The Process" play in his first season for the Philadelphia 76ers?
Which American wide receiver has a brother who was drafted by the Titans fifth overall in the 2017 NFL Draft?
Who was the head coach of the 2016 New York Giants?
When was the national park Mount Le Conte is located in chartered by Congress?
Who managed the 5,000 acre estate of Thomas Jefferson?
Which genus of plants is native to South and Central America, Onoclea or Phaedranassa?
The Devonwood Bike Trail serves the shopping mall in Windsor, Ontario, Canada and which airport?
What is the nationality of the person who played the protagonist in "Mind Games"?
What is the name of this American actor, comedian, and musician, born in 1980, who starred with Jason Ritter in "Ode to Janice Melt"?
What 1977 film written and directed by Claude Chabrol is loosely based on a novel by the author of the poem "Jabberwocky"?
Which actress in Liebestraum is also a visual artist?
Kentucky is located in a region of america which constitutes as what?
Jaffa Road contains the bus station that serves which three bus routes?
Who played The Rajah in The Winning Team?
The author of books about Ugenia Lavender was also in a pop girl group that was formed in what year?
The Missouri river has a tributary that originates from what peak in the Absaroka Range?
Where is the place Norman Allen Adie moved to the United States to work at located in?
In which city is the conglomerate that bought Ray Ban from Bausch & Lomb?
What team, managed by a man who is also and advisor to Central Coast Mariners, won the 2008 FA Cup?
Do both Game of the Goose and Medina require two or more players to play?
Young-hu Kim and Shinwa both have worked for what music company?
Ammonium perchlorate was used in the disaster that occurred in what city?
Walt Housman attended which public secondary school that holds 1400 students?
What is the river 3 mi north-west of Gainsborough said to take its name from?
What genre does Hot Hot Heat and 1990s have in common?
No Clue is a dark comedy starring what actor known for his role on The Office?
In what Massachusetts county does the house at 87 Hull Street, Beverly, Massachusetts reside?
Mark Steven Johnson and Mohammad Bakri directed what type of media?
The winner of the 1991 Kids' Choice Awards KCA Hall of Fame Special Gold Blimp also won a Grammy for what video?
Ronan was performed at an Arizona stop of which 2014 album's tour?
Who manages the Spanish team that competes in the biennial UEFA European Under-21 Championship?
Who is more recent, Rick Rosenthal or Gary Nelson?
What actor has appeared in the films "Hamlet", "The Woodlanders" and "The Holiday"?
What Gordon and Mildred Gordon novel was made into a movie in which a character named Agent Zeke Kelso was portrayed?
Which Canadian province did the famous computer scientist John Tsotsos serve as the Director of the Centre for Vision Research at a famous research university?
Where was the University at which Helmut Anheier holds a chair located?
What democratic secular country is home to Chrysopsyche mirifica?
Which actor who starred in the 2016 film Money Monster also is best known for his portrayal of Gustavo "Gus" Fring on the AMC shows "Breaking Bad" and "Better Call Saul"?
Which director won more Oscar awards, Jacques Tourneur or Ralph Nelson?
Who is considered a founder of the Chicano Movement that also wrote a famous epic poem?
Does The Brothers Creeggan or The dB's have more members?
In what 1942 British romance film did actress/singer Jane Birkin's mother star in?
What position is played by the football player who was reportedly healed by Mariana Kovacevic during the 2012 African Cup of Nations?
Which television station licensed to Kansas City, Missouri is adjacent to television station KCPT?
Who was the NFC team in the first Superbowl in which Dale Hamer was the head linesman?
When did the Basketball Tournament which Kansas played its final in 1996–97 incept?
Who was born first John Wellborn Root or Daniel Hudson Burnham?
During the Indian Removals in Indiana, what is the name of the tribe whose name means "Stand here and there"?
Forward Records is owned by a former Lieutenant Governor of what state?
What industry does Walt Aldridge and Adam Levine work in?
What German Field Marshall was the uncle of Helmuth von Moltke the Younger, claimed to have ruined the Schlieffen Plan?
Which English writer argued that women outhg to have an education in her book from 1792?
Robert Armstrong-Jones the Welsh physician was what relation to Antony Armstrong-Jones, 1st Earl of Snowdon?
Who had the longer career, Amy Lee or Jimi Hendrix?
Julia Hahn and Steve Bannon are both former employees of what news source?
Are Lesquerella and Thujopsis both names of a genus of flowering plants?
In what country is the artist who released Ice on Fire born?
What other title did the head coach have who coached the Bulldogs in 1982?
What singer, who originally sang a song included as the third single in Mel McDaniel's 1980 album "I'm Countryfied" had the nickname "Gentle Giant"?
Hotham Alpine Resort is set on the slopes of a mountain that sits how far away from Melbourne?
When Larry Johnson played for the UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team, in what state was his home team located?
Bui National Park will be partly inundated by the reservoir of the hydroelectric project that is of what power?
Which film is more recent, Man of Aran or 51 Birch Street?
An analog board was used in which third model of the Macintosh line?
Who nominated the justice who wrote the majority opinion in the Supreme Court case Christopher v. SmithKline Beecham Corp?
No. 11 Squadron RAAF was based at what base, 25 km north of Adelaide?
Who hosted the event that Thai decathlete won gold at?
The SS-owned company that funded a Nazi association to raise the birth rate of "Aryan" children was created to market a reflector invented by which employee of Hitler?
In what town with a population less than 600 could one have found the attraction, World's Largest Farm Tractor, in 1998?
What eight-time medalist in the Winter Olympics hosted Minute to Win It?
Traitor's Ford can be seen in a film that is a sequel to what other movie?
Have Abbas Kiarostami and Stuart Baird both produced films?
Which singer, born in 1977, shared the stage with an American bluegrass singer, songwriter, and multi-instrumentalist known as the "the new Queen of Bluegrass"?
What is the population of the small town with an Air Force Base 7 mi northeast of Sacramento, California?
Are Veronica and Ulex both in the flowering plant family?
What state is Ruxton Park and Pikes Peak located in?
Where did the fictional character portrayed in Ragnarok film first appreared?
Half magic is written by which american actress who also starred in the television series Twin Peaks?
Which wrestler from Kickboxer: Vengeance was born January 18, 1969?
Which company is in the discount travel market, The Walt Disney Company or Priceline.com?
The Philippine dance similar to Cheraw dance originated in what era?
"A Wild Pear" features an interview by which Canadian interviewer and musician born on July 5, 1968?
Which movie produced by Uri Singer stars the actress who won critical acclaim with her appearance as Lydia Deetz in Tim Burton's "Beetlejuice"?
What Manhattan school did the American filmmaker Sebastian Sommer study at?
Who released a version of a song a few days earlier than the artist born as Geoffrey Beck?
Who was a character in A midsummer's night dream as well as the name of Carl Maria von Weber's opera?
Which 1961 British comedy film directed by Edward Buzzell takes its title from an English language nursery rhyme of nineteenth-century American origin?
Are Lee Ranaldo and Morrissey of the same nationality?
What is the speciality of the English man who studies the French composer who wrote the motet "Illibata Dei virgo nutrix"?
The Sikorsky R-4 was a two-seat helicopter designed by a man that won the highest awardat the 1912 Moscow Aviation Exhibition for what airplane?
Guilderland High School is part of a school district with how many students?
What year were American musicians Paul Collins and Blackie Lawless both born?
Which game has more pieces, King of Tokyo or Tsuro?
Was Sam Roberts signer to Universal (Canada) before or after the disbanding of Bikini Kill?
Between 1815 and 1830 what was the name of the country physician Johannes Lijdius Catharinus Pompe van Meerdervoort was originally from?
TerraTrike is based in a city that is on the Grand River about thirty miles east of what?
What song did Lisbeth Scott co-write and perform for a movie which grossed nearly 6 times its budget despite generally negative reviews?
Which originated first, Basset Bleu de Gascogne or Parson Russell Terrier?
Which band is Scottish, Electronic or The Delgados?
The Plymouth City Airport was officially opened by a man that was King of the UK until what year?
The Neoclassical monument Benito Juárez Hemicycle is located in this city of Mexico that consists of how many municipalities?
When was the political party, which along with the Socialist Workers Movement are the chief contributors to the United Left in Argentina, founded?
Lewis Shay McGugan was a midfielder who played for which professional association football from Sheffield, England?
Which grouo released the album, "Pale Sun, Cresent Moon"?
What is the elevation of the stadium where the 2006 Las Vegas Bowl was played?
Sometimes called fabulism, what genre of art was Alexander Kanoldt known for?
What building was added to the National Register of Historic Places at the same time as the oldest building on Monument Square?
Charles Hutchison and William K. Howard were simultaneously active in the film industry between what years?
Heart on My Sleeve is a song first released by which Australian singer?
We are able to see comets through binoculars with the aid of what magnifying devices?
Celebration was recorded by the singer who was a leading presence when what cable channel premiered?
Southridge mall is tied to the largest or second largest mall in state?
The Canterbury cap is descended from an ancient headcovering originally worn where?
Which ReDRagon member was born on March 1, 1987?
What film with actor Barry Keoghan was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or?
Jim Bambra has contributed to which single-player role-playing gamebooks?
How much retail space is in the major development in London that holds Gordon Ramsay's restaurant, Bread Street Kitchen?
Siegfried and Idomeneo are both what type of performances?
Which canal ran longer, Sandy and Beaver Canal or Beaver and Erie Canal?
Did Noah and The Virgins have the same number of members and their start?
Which movie came out first Go Further or Pumping Iron?
Cotton Mather was politically influential in what oldest defined region in the US?
What is the english literally translated name of the Canadian team which Michel Dubois played a part of two WHA seasons with?
Which American television series stars, as its main character, the American Actor and Comedian noted for his "Perfect Fool" comedy character?
What kind of voice did the vocalist for You're a Mean One, Mr. Grinch record for Jolly Holiday?
What genuses does Pleioblastus and Tibouchina belong to?
Who is Major League Soccer's first all-time leader in regular season goals, known for playing forward and attacking midfielder?
Which movie did Richard Bluff work on next after the one that was nominated for three awards, including the Teen Choice Award?
Do The Drums and Pussy Galore play music of similar genres?
Between Brian Kidd and Mikel Arteta, what year was the older one born?
Guy Walters competed against which former professional boxer that is a two-weight world champion?
What Richie Valen cover did Selena sing?
Who is Harry's nemesis in the Half-Blood Prince?
Which opera had more acts: Madama Butterfly (original) or Rigoletto?
Where was the Australian contract killer, featured in Underbelly: A Tale of Two Cities, born?
Frank Roman was the band directer of what marching band that was founded in 1908 by a group of 14 students?
John Sandeman Allen was part of the South Norfolk constituency in the UK general election held on what date?
TuxWhich film was most recent, "The Strongest Man in the World" or "Tux" which is based on the manga series "Tuxedo Gin"?
What was Bill Dvorak's fifth cousin's nationality?
Who was born first, Rómulo Gallegos or Beatrix Potter?
Sorghum × drummondii is a type of grass harvested for what type of edible fruit?
King is a 1978 American television miniseries about Martin Luther King Jr., that included his niece, who is an american activist, and representative for what district in the Georgia House of Representatives?
Batman: The Killing Joke is a 1988 DC Comics graphic novel featuring characters Batman and who else?
How many people died in the fire Brooklyn Theatre that was owned by Sarah Crocker Conway?
The 1959 European Cup Final featured Real Madrid, winning their fourth European Cup in a row beating Reims for the second time in four years follwoing this years final which was played on 13 June 1956 in front of how many people?
One of the founders of BALR was a Dutch professional football player who played right back for which Italian club?
Are these both in the Üsküdar district of Istanbul, Fethi Paşa Korusu and Yeni Valide Mosque?
Which has smaller flowers, Campsis or Kalmiopsis?
When was the Houston Rockets point guard recruited by Frank Sullivan born?
Who is older, Dave Grohl or David Vanian?
What was the flag carrier airline Air India and its subsidiary Air India Express Limited formed to oversee?
Which author wrote a novel containing a horror icon known as Pennywise the Dancing Clown?
Are Mertensia and Sasa plants from differing genuses?
Which country music artist known for her song Pink Warrior has shared the stage with Miranda Lambert?
When was the manager of the goalkeeper for English club Manchester United and the Spain national team born?
What county named after the Potawatomi tribe of Native Americans contains the city of Wheaton, Kansas?
Where did the march written by Vasily Agapkin premiere?
Columbus, Ohio is located in which county?
James T. Richardson is notably outspoken on which high-profile case that was born on February 20, 1954?
Are Tapes 'n Tapes and My Morning Jacket from the same location?
Are Ruta and Fenestraria both native African plants?
Martin Beck grew up 20 blocks from a neighborhood within what city of New York?
What is the population of the nearest city to the Granite Dells?
Who was the director of the 1988 American comedy-fantasy which stars Jeffrey Duncan Jones?
In what year was the writer of the 1887 story "Kidnapped" born?
Which Democratic Party politician from South Dakota was re-elected to the Senate in 1974 over a colonel in the United States Air Force who received the Medal of Honor for his actions in the Vietnam War?
What village in the town of Hempstead is the home for a team John Paul Loviglio plays for?
Goffstown, New Hampshire is the home to which only women's prison in New Hampshire?
What federal parliamentary republic in central-western Europe has a southern Black Forest?
When did Grammar school that Michael Handley was educated at convert to academy status?
Warner Bros distributed what musical comedy film in which Carmen Twillie was one of the singers?
Roy Black is a civil and criminal defense trial attorney who has represented an American financier and registered sex offender who served how many months in prision for his conviction of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution?
The character Samantha Jones from "Sex and the City" was escorted by whom at the 2nd Genie Awards?
What school were Hryhoriy Veryovka and the composer of "Carol of the Bells" faculty members at?
What did a suitor of queen Elizabeth I say Sir Roger Williams was?
Kyle Schickner and Charles Lamont both lived in what city?
Which game was created first, Bailout! The Game or Dark Tower?
What country is San Antonio del Monte in technically?
How can the name of the city that Pelegrina Pastorino died in be translated?
Are Prevention and Drum! both American magazines?
What is the type of particle of the concept that was proposed by the Soviet physicist who also discovered the theory of superfluidity?
What is the name of the 2008 cookbook, based on a Yountville, California restaurant, written by Thomas Keller and Michael Ruhlman?
What was the film in which the Black Reel Award for Outstanding Actor recipient was cast as James Covey?
What does the name of the first castle erected in 13th century, means what in Gaelic?
In addition to composing and singing, Avadhoot Gupte also directed which 2015 musical film starring Santosh Juvekar and Tejaswini Pandit?
Who is an English footballer who plays as a midfielder for the club originally known as Kirkham & Wesham?
What year was the final Wilco album for which Ken Coomer was with band completed?
WBTJ serves which independent city in the U.S. state of Virginia?
Who was born first, Kevin Curren or Martina Navratilova?
Are Donggang, Liaoning and Yan'an in the same province?
Who created a documentary about one of the starts of Chandler?
Laura S. Walker State Park is located near a swamp that has a size of how many acres?
What occupation do Dustin Kensrue and Jimmy Urine share?
What editor-in-chief of Church History graduateed from an American public land-grant, sea-grant, and space grant research university in Gainesville, Florida?
For which the American college basketball star at Loyola Marymount University died during a game?
Are both Hattiesburg–Laurel Regional Airport and John Wayne Airport located in the same state?
What type of cyclists were teammates of a former professional cyclist born in 1974 who is currently an environmental consultant?
How many season had the Seattle Seahawks had in the same year that was the 90th NFL Season?
What is the post-nominal abbreviation for the university where the Banded Mongoose Research Project is based?
Who is older, Arthur Koestler or Clarice Lispector?
The Covington County School District is a public school district based in a town with a population of what at the 2010 census?
Which one of the two authors (Louis de Bernières and Orhan Pamuk) have more translations of their work?
Who was the daughter of American writer Laura Ingalls Wilder that published the short Novel, Young Pioneers?
How many novels has the author of the novel Child of God written?
Give Us This Night (1936) was attempting to build on the popularity of what American soprano nicknamed the "Tennessee Nightingale"?
Who produced the 1977 film John Richardson was in?
Which American author wrote "The Colour Out of Space" and "The Call of Cthulhu"?
The actor playing Dr. Juliet Burke on "Lost" starred in what 2002 American Christmas movie that was the second installment of a trilogy?
When was the motorsport team founded for which Philippe Alliot raced for RAM and the team was best known for its Formula One?
The Cat Creeps starred which Danish actor who lived in the US?
Raincoat is a 2004 Indian Hindi drama film which is an adaptation of a short story that was allegedly written at which tavern?
The Beretta Model 12 are made under license in Belgium by a leading firearms manufacturer is owned by a holding company owned by whom?
What movie did Megan Fox star in immediately before Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Which of Hausa-Fulani's languages is the Chadic language with the largest number of speakers, Fulfulde or Hausa?
What film was Winston Stona in that was directed by Jon Turteltaub?
Billy Henry played for Manchester City and which other current Premier League club?
When was the Austrian band formed that made the album Solo?
Kozmic Blues was performed by Janis Joplin as part of which iconic festival set?
RNZ Concert is a radio network owned by a company headquartered in a city with what population?
Which has a greater volume a Tierce or a UK Barrel?
What ethnic group was the painter of the wife of the 36th President of the United States part of?
South Hadley High School became known for a series of bullying incidents that led to an event that led to the criminal prosecution of six teenagers for what charges?
Who died first, Gheorghe Buzdugan or King Michael?
The Shops at Columbus Circle include which South Plainfield, New Jersey-based manufacturer of suitcases and bags for travel?
The 2010 Mnet Asian Music Awards were held at the casino owned by what company?
The railway station which serves the Furness line and joins the West Coast Main Line in Lancashire, England is what?
Who was born Earlier, Jon Amiel or Michael Ritchie?
Do John Lanchester and Paul Valéry have the same nationality?
The man, known for his guitar showmanship and founded Led Zeppelin, was born in what year?
Who was born more recently, Bryan Howard, or Maurice Greene?
Eleven Times Square is located directly across from the main gateway for interstate buses that opened in what year?
What are alternate names for the type of roof on Ravenswood, a historic home located near Bunceton, Missouri?
Ivar the Boneless had a brother who held what position in the mid-ninth-century?
Randy Newman wrote the country song "Feels Like Home" for which multiple award-winning singer?
Clic is a 1974 album whose music has stylistic similarities with an American composer widely regarded as one of the most influential musicians of what?
Finding Giants will also show film from inside the New York Giants draft room from the 2014 NFL Draft, when they selected which American football center born on July 9, 1991?
Andy Wright was a sound editor for the 2016 war film directed by whom?
When was the tour of Thea Gilmore's EP that included a traditional Scottish song?
Seven Pillars of Wisdom was about the archaeologist who was a liaison during what campaign?
The stop motion director who directed "Coraline" also co-directed "James and The Giant Peach" with what male director?
What was Congressman Gerry Eastman Studds censured for in the year that his congressional district was eliminated?
What occupation did Cornel Wilde have in common with John M. Stahl?
What 1970 American born tennis player won the 1990 ATP Tour World Championships – Singles?
Between what years could one have ordered the came house as the Evan F. Ellis Farmhouse?
Ocean Beach is a villiage on Fire Island which is located in one of ten towns in Suffold County New York; Where is it located?
What sport did Jyoti Chetty of one of the country's three capital cities represent South Africa in at the 2008 summer Olympics?
What show did the group that Joe Kearns has production, vocal production, mixing and engineering credits for win?
Which brand belongs to the elder brother of the owners of Adidas?
Rosa Rio providedsilent film soundtrack accompaniment for which English comic actor?
ANCAP is a state-owned company involved in the production of a basic ingredient of concrete which was patented in what year?
What was the country of origin of one of the major users of Butterfly style in 1980's hockey?
Tom Watkins played college football for a team that plays their home games at what stadium?
James Tarpey is best known for playing a Young Peter Page in what British-American comic science fiction film that was directed by Edgar Wright?
When was Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab attempting to detonate plastic explosives on Northwest Airlines Flight 253?
What movie was released 64 years after the original film, which includes Thumper, a fictional rabbit character from Disney?
Letter from a Thief is by a band formed in what Chicago suburb?
Are both Justin Currie and Kyo Japanese singers?
What distinctive surface is the historic Merton Street, that runs parallel to High Street in the southeastern university city of Oxford, England?
Which author wrote in more literary forms, Mary Doria Russell or Dorothy Parker?
Chad's president in 1982 was brought to justice by who?
Which voice actor in Kung Fu Magoo also appeared on Grey's Anatomy?
David J. Wineland won the 2012 Nobel Prize in Physics along with the French phyisicist who studied what particle?
John of Arsuf was the regent of Jerusalem under which memberof the Hohenstaufen dynasty?
The Armenian Nuclear Power Plant is located only 36 kilometers west of a city situated along what river?
What nickname is preferred by the athlete selected by the Sand Francisco 49ers in the second round of the 2011 NFL Draft?
Burrs Country Park railway station is what stop on the railway line that runs between Heywood and Rawtenstall?
Which team won the 1914 championship of the Big Ten Conference?
Which movie, The Happiest Millionaire or Inside Out, was produced more recently?
Which Indian singer participated in Indian Idol and also sung a duet with Arijit Singh?
When was the American rapper, actor, television host, that featured in Up in Smoke Tourborn?
The king during the 166th year of the Rattanakosin Kingdom of Thailand served for how many years and days?
Are Balance and Composure and Cloud Control both alternative rock bands?
What industrial metal band had a single from their 1992 album called "Just One Fix" which featured samples from the 1986 British biopic "Sid and Nancy"?
Pherenikos is celebrated in epinikions, what are they?
Are Macworld and College Humor both magazines?
Cinergi Pictures, production company behind Judge Dredd, also produced a major hit film relating to ex-president Richard Nixon called what?
What is the population of census-designated place (CDP) which was Joe Bertram hometown?
An early style of Blues music originated in a region that some people call, "The most southern place on Earth", what is the name of that region?
Which associate of George Popham was known as, the "Father of English Colonization in North America,"?
Rossif Sutherland's half brother earned numerous awards for which show on Fox?
Which battle ended first, Battle of the Bulge or Battle of Anzio?
Buckner Building was slightly damaged by a 9.2 earthquake that occurred on which day?
Which team the player belongs to after which Ahmad Khormali wears pyjama-like tracksuit bottoms while playing?
When was the member of Dillard & Clark who also played in the Byrds born?
Are Semiarundinaria and Choisya in the same family?
Frank Schaeffer, son of the late Edith Schaeffer, wrote which acclaimed novels?
Were Julia Alvarez and Raymond Queneau novelists?
Were both Georges Bataille and Edward Abbey both writing about political views?
Light In The Attic Records has re-released works by what artist who disapeared in 1975?
Which two prep schools are located in the birthplace of the one known for the order given to soldiers to conserve their limited stocks of ammunition?
From the Scandinavian ancestry line who intermarried?
Which director with the middle name Jerome helped work which movie with Roger Avary?
Where is the school which is football rivalry of the The Hill School located?
Removed from circulation in 1999, the fillér was the Hungartian subunit of what Austro-Hungarian currency?
Who was born first, C. S. Forester or Lionel Trilling?
The village and civil parish Keisley is a hamlet in is mostly had a population of what in 2011?
California State Route 242 ends in which largest city of Contra Costa county?
The Duchess of Cornwall uses her title instead of what other title, the title held by the first wife of Prince Charles?
Between Peter Cattaneo and Seth Grahame-Smith, who has had a more diverse career?
What actor is in both HBO series Treme and The Duece?
What job does the promotor of the term "Alt-Right" Richard Spencer have?
What was the group behind the album Hell: The Sequel formed?
Was the ruling for both Hernandez v. Texas and Berman v. Parker unanimous?
Which piece of their target audience is similar to both Femina and Today's Housewife?
The Major of the British and Dutch colonists that were attacked by colonial British troops in 1691 also served as what for Albany, New York?
Edward Goyle was the set decorator on which epic drama film based on a novel by James A. Michener?
What action does Moves and The Artist's Magazine have in common?
Derick Neikirk competes for which wrestling alliance based in Phoenix, Arizona?
What is the dialect that distinguishes British English from World English?
What is the name of the American football coach born in 1967, who is in his fifth season, as of 2017, with the Idaho Vandals football team?
What character did Yaani King play in the crime drama starring Holly Hunter and Leon Rippy, set in Oklahoma City?
The Italian theorectical physicist was the first to discover Fano resonance which is what?
Stratford-on-Avon is a constituency represented in what lower house of the Parliament of the United Kingdom, that meets in the Palace of Westminster?
What actor starred on the Defenders in the 1960s as well as in At Mother's Request?
Where does the man who wrote the song "I Will Dare" now primarily record his music?
What Former American football player who was a highly touted and sought-after college football recruit and played for Oklahoma also played for the 1990 Los Angeles Rams?
Are "The Man Who Skied Down Everest" and "This Divided State" both documentary films?
How much older is Meg Turner than Rooster Teeth, the production company she used to become famous?
Which was used longer by humans, the Bavarian Mountain Hound and English White Terrier?
Which county was once voted among the Top 10 Best Places to Live by "Money" in 2007 is named after one of the signers of the Declaration of Independence?
What model of aircraft is part of the PA-28 family of aircrafts and can also be rented from the Freeway Airport?
Where was the singer of the album "Delta" born and raised?
Parques Polanco was built on the site of an assembly plant of a company with its headquarters in what city in Michigan?
Which breed of dog, the Chinook or the Bull Terrier, is New Hampshire's official state dog?
Which is bigger, Plott Hound and Entlebucher Mountain Dog?
Michael Giacchino composed the scores to many films such as a 2015 computer-animated film produced by what studio?
What job did the former University of Texas football coach take when Dexter W. Draper took over?
What is the nickname of the snooker player, who with Judd Trump, had the highest break in the 2012 Six-red World Championship?
The anime series Deltora Quest made its Pakistani debut on a TV channel created by what company?
Did George Lucas and Lewis Allen work in the same country?
When did the romantic drama based on a 2010 Julie Maroh compete against "Venus in Fur" for Best Film?
Which readers was the series The Lost Journals of Ven Polypheme published for?
Who is from farther west, Mikhail Romm or Jodie Foster?
Which famous American DJ hosted the American Video Awards in 1983?
When did the American comedy series that Thomas Middleditch starred in premier?
Are David Coverdale and Burton C. Bell both founders or co-founders of a band?
What other name was the Hotak dynasty ruled once ruled by Shah Ashraf Hotak known as?
Danish Choreographer, Erik Bruhn, worked with Carla Fracci on which of her career highlights.?
Were the bands Rapeman and Chumbawamba founded in the same country?
What is the setting of J.T. Petty's video game "Outlast 2"?
Which 1997 single, on the album of the same name, was written and sung by Ringo Starr?
What is the nationality of the director of the film based on the 2005 short film "Monster"?
What major detail about Randy and Sharon Marsh was revealed on the 224th episode of "South Park"?
What is the middle name of Beate Clausdatter Bille's Son?
The Hoover Company was sold in 2006 to a holding company that employs how many people?
Are either Baz Warne or Marty Balin actors?
Who was the director of the 2012 American musical comedy film starring the actress who owns the fashion line "Hanamahn"?
What was the former name of the college from which Mike Bellamy was dismissed for an undisclosed violation of team policy?
What game was Sidney Crosby awarded his second Conn Smythe Trophy?
Which show did the actor, who also appeared in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame," earn a nomination for an Emmy Award?
What was the names of the people who were largely influenced by its past and present neighbours: Italy, Poland, Germany, Hungary, and Bohemia called from 1867 to 1918?
Which is farther south, Palm Beach International Airport or Fairbanks International Airport?
Which actor from "Lost" is also in the film Another Earth?
Trim is a transitway station in the east end of a city that as of 2016 had a population of what?
Under what pseudonym did the author of the book The Decline and Fall of the Roman Church occasionally write?
What is the name of this American business magnate, investor, and philanthropist, born in 1933, whose secret purchase of the "Las Vegas Review-Journal" is the subject of Nobody Speak: Trials of the Free Press?
Where did the Games that Rifda Irfanaluthfi completed for Indonesia in take place?
What role have both Matthew Tuck and Frank Iero performed in musical groups?
What number overall pick in the 2011 draft was the freshman starting forward on the 2007–08 Duke Blue Devils?
According to the 2001 census, what is the population of the city in which Leonardo Rodriguez was born?
Where is the constituency that Victoria Atkins has represented since May 2015 located?
In what Serie does Umar Sadiq play in?
How many members are in the Party that Jack Eddington is a member of as of October 2010?
Which opera has more acts, Il matrimonio segreto or Lohengrin?
What is the term given to the period of time in which militaristic European powers increased their control of Africa from 10 to 90%?
In the movie Breaking dawn, who is the actor who play Bella Swans husband "to-be"?
A member of the original High-Z Supernova Search Team was a U.S. astrophysicist and Bloomberg Distinguished Professor at what university?
The person who composed Den Pobedy was from what country?
What are the alternative names for the hall mentioned in a work of satire by Mark Twain published by the Economist Press in 1901?
What was the name of the band that Vicentico co-founded and produced the album Los Rayos?
Robert Rihmeek Williams, aka Meek Mill, appeared in the 2015 tour of which major recording artist?
What did the landmark civil rights decision by the US Supreme Court invalidating laws prohibiting interracial marriage impact the Choctaw Youth Movement?
Honeyman: Live 1973 was recorded as a live radio broadcast for a contemporary Christian music radio station that is licensed to who?
Tom Winslow was the student of what blues and gospel singer known for his fingerpicking guitar style?
Which ministry is in charge of the service that owns the oceanographic research vessel "Dr. Bernardo A. Houssay"?
What television producer best know for playing advertising executive Don Draper for AMC also acted in Mad Men?
Carey Park is located in Atlanta which is divided into how many neighborhoods?
Emet is a small unincorporated community where what Oklahoma Hall of Fame inductee was born?
Which author was also a playwright, Susan Straight or Iris Rainer Dart.?
When was the actor born who replaced Cezzane Khan in Kasautii Zindagii Kay?
Nicholas Hoult played the role of Marcus Brewer in the comedy film co-written by whom?
The star of the film Love from a Stranger is from which country who acted along with Binnie Hale?
What nationality is the bassist who joined Nightwish in 2002?
What is the name of the British folk hero who led an alliance of indigenous British people in The Battle of Watling Street?
Are both Brassocattleya and Buckinghamia orchids?
Who is the head of state of Germany who commanded the SM UC-25 minelaying submarine?
"Bart Carny" is the twelfth episode from a season of "The Simpson" that began on what date?
Who wrote a song based on a character from English folklore in the Victorian era?
When was the band that made De RigueurMortis formed?
A Life for the Tsar is a Russian libretto with four acts, Tosca an Italian libretto has how many acts?
In Henry Olerich's, "A Cityless and Countryless World" what planet do the aliens come from?
Which film that Josef von Sternberg worked on was released later, The Shanghai Gesture or Macao?
What area of Pakistan are both the Trivor and Masherbrum mountain ranges located?
When was the American singer-songwriter and actress born who's 1993 song is "I Can See Clearly"?
The Dutch guilder is the currency of the country that has what type of governmental system?
Corey Reynolds is best known for his roles as David Gabriel and Seaweed from which two productions?
Are Rhododendron and Liriodendron both deciduous genii?
The Philadelphia Spinners won the AUDL Championship over the Indianapolis AlleyCats at a stadium located in which US state?
What county is Desert of Maine located in?
The Finer Things was written by which rock and blues English musician?
What is the nationality of the chef and restaurateur featured in Restaurant: Impossible?
Are Joe Elliott and Paul Meany both keyboardists?
What member of Garin i Giperboloidy was born on June 24, 1963?
WAXM is a Country-formatted broadcast radio station that serves The Eastern Kentucky Coalfield and what other area?
Who co-directed the eight-episode Danish television mini-series that the American paranormal hospital drama, All Souls, was based on?
Ghostbusters II starred which Canadian-American actor and comedian?
Bash: Latter-Day Plays premiered at the Douglas Fairbanks Theater in 1999, and featured a performance by what actor who studied theatre at the University of Kansas and the British American Drama Academy?
Do Sydney Freeland and Genndy Tartakovsky work in the same industry?
What year was the game, in which TeamTNT created the "TNT:Evolution" episode for, released?
Who can Gerd Neggo's influences and training in Laban Movement study be traced back to?
Who is the former Sri Lankan- hedge fund manager that was investigated by BJ Kang for insider trading?
For which foundation is the 47th U.S. Vice President's chief of staff a former president?
Who was the director of the 1997 American comedy film starring the actor who played Douglas Brackman in "L.A. Law"?
What American songwriter, born in 1932, wrote a pop hit single released by Nancy Sinatra?
Ishmael Muhammad is the assistant minister to which leader formerly known as Louis X?
The Strictly the BBC television show featuring the Australian Jason Gilkison is based on what professional partner sport?
What film is Liev Schreiber known for acting in just before the film about the troubled production of the 1941 film "Citizen Kane" came out?
Where did the man who killed twenty California Indians establish a fort?
What is the population of unincorporated community which Goodsprings Schoolhouse is located in?
Long John Silver was quartermaster under what 18th-century fictional captain?
What is the postcode of a town in Cook County, New South Wales, that is situated approximately 100 km west of the Sydney central business district, and about 8 km east of Katoomba?
When was Carrie Fisher's brother from Debbie Reynolds born?
Where did the event take place that Don Wright won a bronze medal in 1982?
What is the large marine bivalve mollusc species with the scientific name "Panopea generosa"?
What is the ethnic background of this American educator and politician from the Democratic Party who was re-elected as a US senator representing Hawaii in 1994?
Which writer was born first, Jacques Prévert or Eugène Ionesco?
When did Bobby Sands' hunger strike end?
What 1979 comedy film stars an actor who is also a poker commentator in real life?
Which selective-fire automatic rifle produced in Nazi Germany during World War II was a battle rifle manufactured by the government-owned W+F Bern of Switzerland heavily patterned after?
What honor was a producer of the album As I Am granted in 2015?
Are both Tritonia and Degarmoara genuses comprised of hybrids?
Which president was present for the Mexican Civil War who originated from Oaxaca?
How tall is this luxury hotel and casino resort in Macau where the winners of 14th IIFA Awards were announced?
The Muscogee language is spoken by native Americans who, emerged by ethnogenesis, and settled in Florida in what century?
Intimidator 305 and Thunder Dolphin are what type of roller coaster?
"The Abbess of Crewe" is considered an allegory for the scandal during which what headquarters were broken into?
Which film did the hostess of "Wheel of Fortune" star in, that premiered November 20, 1988?
What team does the former 2012-13 FC Sion player now manage?
Joseph Kahn has worked with what Star Search and Mickey Mouse Club singer?
Do Miguel Ángel Asturias and Buckminster Fuller both have writing experience?
Which documentary was released in the 21st century, Fear of a Black Republican or Seal Island?
Which movie, based on a cartoon character by Seymour Reit and Joe Oriolo, did Deanna Oliver and Sherri Stoner work on?
What is the name of the personal vision developed by the founder of The Fourth International Posadist?
Which Mary Tyler Moore Show actress guest starred in the episode of an NBC comedy which also featured the final apprearance of Lindsey Broad?
Are both Candleshoe and Pooh's Heffalump Movie Walt Disney films?
Brian Olsen was the last WEC Champion before it was purchased by which sports promotion company?
Which rapper born February 8, 1973, guest appears on Chronicles of the Juice Man?
Simpsons Illustrated led to the establishment of what comic book publishing company that was founded in 1993 by Matt Groening, along with Steve and Cindy Vance and Bill Morrison?
What year was The Holy Emperor of Romes courtier promoted to head of the bodyguard?
What country is Carmel Gunning from?
What is the name of the cognac house that makes the main ingredient in The Hennchata?
What is another name for the blood disorder Emmanuel Ntima Weyi founded a non-profit in support of?
Where is the institute formerly directed by food technologist Vishweshwaraiah Prakash located?
Tom Who is the editor of the Nature Photonics where American physicist Tom Baehr-Jones has been published in?
What is the name of this singer who released several albums with her country music singer daughter that worked with Mark Selby?
Aaron S. Rosenberg, an American novelist and game designer, wrote what fantasy novel?
Northern Inuit Dog and Alaskan Malamute are both what?
Austrian psychoanalyst Wilhelm Reich pioneered the field of body psychotherapy, which he originally called what?
Mike Gibbons and Stanley Ketchel were both what type of people?
USAAF station 590 is located in which parish with a WA5 postal code?
Which was a businessman, Howard Kazanjian and Gerard Cafesjian?
When did Reinhold Niebuhr write "Moral Man and Immoral Society" and argue Christian Realism?
Which politician was once a Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky and a mayor in Louisville?
How many people are employed by the laboratory across from McKenzie, Maryland?
Barbara Frittoli made her Metropolitan Opera debut in a opera by what composer?
Vishwavir Ahuja is the CEO of what scheduled commercial bank that is headquartered in Maharashtra, India?
Texas v. White and United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export Corp. were argued in what court?
What prestigious award have Bertrand Russell and Günter Grass won?
What award is sponsored by the National Australia Bank and received by Dyson Heppell in 2011?
What Role did Ashleigh Cummings play in the Australian drama television series based on Kerry Greenwood's novels?
For which car bombing in Northern Ireland did Tim Hegarty and Ross Graham release a support album?
What genus has more species, Centradenia or Lindera?
Is Tennessee Titans' Corey Davis the older or younger brother of Titus Davis, also a wide receiver?
Which water park opened in Kansas City in 2009 and featured a slide named after the German word fro crazy?
For which number novel did the author of "The Secret History" win the Pulitzer Price for fiction?
R&B and blues musician Daryl Davis performed with which famous American singer born on November 23, 1954?
What differentiates Recitative from Arioso music style?
Which magazine what founded first, Consumers Digest or America's Civil War?
One of the most successful Hindi playback singers, worked with three other singers on the remix of what?
What British Politician, who was the Prime Minister of the Unted Kingdom, was the person who forced a resignation from PAtrick Mercer?
How many member growers does the cooperative that Steve Wayne did commercials for have?
Did Holly Hunter star in The Piano or The Big White first?
Jeremy Theobald and Christoper Nolan share what profession?
Who wrote the film that a 1982 American erotic horror film directed by Paul Schrader was loosely based on and was a 1942 horror film produced by Val Lewton?
Albert Anthony Iafrate and Zdeno Chára both set a record for?
Santuario Alta Vista is a certain area located in one of how many Mexican states?
Are both John Grierson and A. Edward Sutherland from the United Kingdom?
Bangles is the eponymous first EP by this American Pop rock band form in what year?
The television series in which Steve Bannos portrayed Frank Kowchevski was cancelled after how many episodes had aired?
Stephen Campbell Moore is best known for his roles in "The History Boys," a play created by a playwright born in what year?
Are Cão Fila de São Miguel and Griffon Nivernais from the same country?
Bowling has been part of the pan american games since the games held in which city?
The site of Lismore Abbey is now occupied by a castle that was rebuilt in the nineteenth century by whom?
What town in located in Rockingham County, New Hampshire and has a district that was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2002?
What 4 time Golden Globe winner stars in the film Holes?
Which players' team, Seth or Stephen Curry, is closer to New Orleans?
Which "Eden" star was born on April 10, 1983?
Who was teh lead vocalist of the band featured in Is This Music magazine's most famous interview?
Who is from farther west, Makethisrelate or Saosin?
Man Overboard! is written in the MacGuffin style which uses what?
Robert De Niro starred in Stone with what actress that was the reignig queen of kick-butt?
What award did Deepika Pedukone win for the film where Kirron Kher had a supporting role?
The character Ben Whishaw played is the head of what kind of division of the British Secret Service?
Which was built first, 55 Hudson Yards or New York World Building?
Which Sun Belt Conference college team did New Orleans Saints place kicker, Wil Lutz play for?
What award was the Adaption based novel of Julie Ganapathi nominated for in 1988?
What type of human communication does Papeeha and Hindi have in common?
Draper Associates is known for investments in companies, including what health technology company based in Palo Alto, California?
What do George Orwell and Jane Smiley have in common?
Of the two American musicians Janet Gardner and Myles Kennedy, who is older?
Are Stuart Murdoch and Lee Sung-min both singers?
Pet Circle, founded in Alexandria, New South Wales, is located near what city's business district?
What is the another name for the singer of Standing Hampton?
The music to the film "Saajan Bina Suhagan" was written by a woman that received a Filmfare Aware for composing songs for what film?
What was the name of the TV series that one of the Hunley movie actors won an Emmy for?
Are Cynara and Piptanthus both flowering plants?
Where is the Peppers Manor House and the New South Wales State Heritage Register located?
Were both the Foals and Escanaba Firing Line formed in 2002?
In which year did this hotel and casino, located nearer to Gold Mountain Casino than any other casinos, open?
Antifaschistisches Infoblatt cooperates with similar publications in other countries including one founded in 1975 by who?
Are Velvetpark and Womankind women's websites?
What city is 11 miles north of the birthplace of actor Toby Sawyer?
What is the name of the book written by John C. Edmunds published in 2003 by the major publisher owned by Pearson PLC?
Which Northern Irish broadcaster was part of the anchor of Loose Women?
What geography do both Paolo Nespoli and Soyuz TMA-20 have in common?
Where is the 1982-1993 show which is written by the same screenwriter that created George and Leo set?
Where did the tour for Ariana Grande's album originally titled "Moonlight" conclude?
What record was taken from Makes Me Wonder by an American Idol winner 2002?
When was the governor who appointed Lana Gordon first elected governor?
How Are You Bread stars a singer who is the leader of which boy group?
What English actor and dancer also acted in Captain America: Civil War in 2016?
Shilpa Architects has designs that can be seen at what largest artists' commune in India?
Which vessel of the British Cunard Line was the subject of a Philip Plisson photo collection?
Esmée Denters, the Dutch singer, covered songs by many artists and became one of the first music artists to exceed how many views on Youtube?
What type of design was the designer who, together with Robert Slimbach, designed the Myriad typeface best known for?
What is a sport, other than football, played in a club that Oscar Jørgensen was a midfielder for?
What is the average weekly attendance at the church founded by the author of The Purpose Driven Life?
Who was the first woman to receive a license from the NHRA and also to race at a Speedway that was home to the President's Cup Nationals?
Who did the current manager of Milan replace as caretaker during the 2010–11 A.S. Roma season?
Who founded teh branch of Protestantism practiced in the Nydeggkirche?
What city does Artūras Gudaitis playi n?
Which head coach of these two teams--Alabama Crimson Tide and Oklahoma Sooners--had the longest time with their team during the 2013 football season?
Which two occupations do Paul Haggis and Ulrich Seidl have in common?
What is the birthday of the older of Jacques Tourneur and Victor Salva?
What form of theater do Sean Pol McGreevy and Mack and Mabel have in common?
Which company operates the railway line that bounds Peterhead, South Australia on the west side?
The discovery of the supercurrent in SNS contacts is sometimes mistakenly attributed to what Welsh theoretical physicist and professor emeritus of physics at the University of Cambridge?
Wink and Aquafina are drinks, are they both owned by Canada Dry?
What is the date of the first game played by the American professional basketball team based in Massachusetts?
Helge Lindberg was inspired by George Frideric Handel, and both worked in this style?
Chester Bennett was executed during an occupation that happened after how many days of fierce fighting?
In what Atlanta city is the Infinite Energy Arena located?
Greek philosopher Aspasius would later be joined by medieval Christian scholars contributing to what massof literature?
Which genus includes more plants that produces flowers, Zanthoxylum or Legousia?
Bebe Rexha co wrote which 2013 Eminem hit?
Where was Douglas Corrigan, known as, "The Flying Irishman", actually born?
C.R. Alsip Guitars is founded in a city that is in what Kansas county?
Are both Chico Municipal Airport and William R. Fairchild International Airport in California?
The mother of Julian Lennon unveiled what monument in Liverpool, England?
Which university was founded first, Virginia Commonwealth University or the University of the East?
In what year did the Uganda President's regime kill the first prime minister of Uganda?
Are The Gaslight Anthem and Dinosaur Jr. both bands formed in the 20th century?
What Hunter's Prayer actor also played Marcus Agrippa in the HBO drama Rome?
Skillet and Boyce Avenue both specialize in what type of music?
Which company is engaged in the bottling and distribution in the Philippines of the cola-flavored soft drink developed in 1905 by Claud A. Hatcher?
What is the name of the business connected to the Treasure Island Hotel and Casino that is owned by General Growth Properties Inc?
Who is the current commissioner of World TeamTennis, Ross Case or Ilana Kloss?
Anton Loibl GmbH was a company who funded the Lebensborn eugenics programme and what research branch?
Were both Grundy NewBrain and Wave Mate Bullet around in the 1970's?
What NCAA Division is the football team in which Mario Cristobal coaches?
Who played Jeanne Murray's cousin in the sitcom "All in the Family"?
What was the name of the musical group with which the career of the singer of "Shikva" began?
Kyle Broflovski is a central character along with which character voiced by and loosely based on series co-creator Trey Parker?
The Fountain stars the actress of what nationality?
In what year was the most expensive Korean movie in history released?
After Robin D. Laws published his hit game in 2000, that later changed names in 2003 after which company merged with Issaries, Inc.?
Who is the Hungarian-American investor, business magnate, philanthropist, and author who founded the international grant-making network that financially supports civil society groups around the world?
What is another television show that the 1947 born actor of Family Pictures star in?
Which band was formed first, Sponge Cola or The Wombats?
Are Latina and Entrepreneur both monthly publications?
John Ratzenberger's "Made in America" has visited a variety of factories, including a company that since 1984 has been a wholly owned subsidiary of who?
What is the middle name of the singer who released The Double EP: A Sea of Split Peas?
"Les Poissons" is a song from which 1989 film sung by the character Chef Louis?
Metrovías operates a transit metro system that first opened in which year?
What airline does the airline alliance Oneworld share their terminal with at the The Heathrow Airport?
Which actor in the upcoming movie "The Underdog" was born in 1993?
What sport do both Jim Grabb and Michael Chang play?
The city in which the mall formerly known as Shellharbour Square Shopping Centre is located is sometimes confused for what suburb?
Was Bob Boone's father, another Major Leage player, right- or left-handed?
40 Pounds of Trouble is a retelling of the story by the newspaperman of what nationality?
Roy Shepherd was a piano teacher at the college near what part of Melbourne?
When was the later owner of Question Mark & the Mysterians died?
Who was the Senator behind the corporation that served as the model for the Helmand and Arghandab Valley Authority?
What crime thriller did the actress in the leading role of "Grease 2" play in in 1988?
The online magazine Lonny was launched how many years after Real Simple made its debut?
To which group of dialects does the "Walserdeutsch" dialect spoken in the German town of Issime belong?
How many hours did Ronald Nels Running fly in an aircraft removed from combat due to high loss rates?
Are The Badgemand and Finger Eleven both from Canada?
What was the speciality of G. K. Venkatesh, who worked on films including Ananda Bashpa in 1963?
Who supervises the subordinate that occupies the majority of Chatan, Japan?
What award was won in 1973 by the actress that played a character in a horror film based on a novel by Peter Blatty?
Are Jeffrey Archer and Thomas Wolfe both novelists?
When did the television series starring Anthony Michael "Tony" Oller as Walt Moore first air?
What is the size of the mall situated between the cities of Dallas and Fort Worth, Texas?
Alan Hancock was a former member of the British Union of Fascists, which was formed by which British politician who rose to fame in the 1920s as a Member of Parliament?
Which professional basketball player won a NBA championship and spoke positively on the book "the 21 irrefutable laws of leadership"?
Who created and served as the executive producer of the show in which Jonathan turner reprised in 2015?
Da'Sean Butler was drafted 42nd overall by the Miami Heat in an NBA draft held at what venue?
Along with the director born on September 4, 1966, who were the two other co-producers of Jackass 3?
What actor and political activist played a role in the film Tea and Sympathy?
When was a narrative poem most known from an American poet born July 18, 1850 written?
What was the real first name of the legendary character on whom the film "Jeremiah Johnson" was partly based?
American Drag racer Antron Brown has been known to compete in championships reaching what speed?
When is the American former Major League Baseball (MLB) outfielder and manager who also replaced Manager Cal Ripken, Sr when fired born?
Who was the head coach of the University of Missouri's women's basketball team before the coach who led the Missouri Tigers in 2015-16?
Pink is a song by which Boston-based rock band?
What novel did the American short story writer who also wrote Losing Battles wrote?
Which South Korean mixed martial artist has been defeated by George Roop?
Western Star Trucks is a subsidiary of which German multinational company?
Ron Baxter is a former basketball forward for a team that currently competes in what conference?
Donald Molosi won an award for his performance as the first President of what country in "Blue, Black and White"?
Who is a member of more bands, Geoff Rickly or Denis Bélanger?
Who has more work to be known for, Bill Melendez or Garry Marshall?
Man of the House was co-written by which artist and radio personality?
How many novels has the author of Sheikh's Castaway written?
What Austrian Formula One Team advisor works with a company headquartered in Fuschl am See, Austria?
Luzzasco Luzzaschi and Carlo Gesualdo were both composers during which time period?
Who was born first, Winston Churchill or Edith Hamilton?
Are University of Virginia and King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi both institutions of higher learning?
What year was Todd George Fancey's Vancouver-based indie rock band formed?
Who was born earlier, Habash al-Hasib al-Marwazi or Mostafa El-Sayed?
In what year died one of the supporting actors of the film "Sailor's Lady"?
Who fronted the Cleveland, Ohio rock band that played alongside indie band Clone of Clones?
Barry Dickins wrote a film about the last person executed in Australia named what?
Between Body of War and When We Were Kings, which film's location is closer to Israel?
This historical theatrical venue showed the first performance of what would eventually be the US national anthem?
According to a British tabloid founded in 1903, how many signatures were collected for a petition from the Snowdrop Campaign to ban ownership and use of handguns?
Adina Howard 's minor hits include "T-Shirt & Panties" with an acotor who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of who?
In regards to the company that has Fold-Pak as a division, when was it formed?
What is the area of the state that Garri Kalan is in?
Raymond Palmer co-wrote The Coming of the Saucers with an American aviator and businessman who made what is considered the first widely reported unidentified flying object sighting when?
Which historic complex remains of 12th to 16th centuries were in the manor of Norton?
What son of a Chinese fencer is an entertainer and is fluent in 6 languages?
What American actress born June 19, 1972, was is the film The In-Laws?
What nationality are Muhammad Baqir Yazdi and Rumi?
James Cameron's Dark Angel starred the actress who was nominated for what award for her portrayal in the movie?
Paul N. J. Ottosson was nominated for what regarding his work on the sequel to the 2002 film Spider-Man?
What college team did brothers Colt and Case McCoy play for?
Glyptotermes minutus is a pest of a flowering tree in the pea family named what?
What is the real name of the rapper who made Split Personality?
What television series featuring Albert Reed Jr. aired on CBS between 1974 and 1979?
College bass fishing includes a Bassmaster tournament sponsored by the clothing company founded in what year?
Bad Meets Evil was a duo that formed because of a mutual friend from what city?
Simon WIlliam Gamble played non league football for what club located in Lincolnshire, England?
Have Davey Havok and Dickie Peterson both released solo albums?
Tulips starred which actor who was born in 1945?
What is the name of the segment of US 78 that was designed to allow more direct connections between cities in the southeast?
Who partnered with the writer of "Brooklyn By The Sea" to write the song "A Teenager in Love"?
At which U.S. college do the Cornhuskers play basketball in the Pinnacle Bank Arena?
What was the nationality of Lana Turner's co-star in "The Three Musketeers"?
On what date was the Precision Medicine Initiative announced?
Guardian: The Lonely and Great God starred what BtoB boy group member?
What city in the province of Connacht is the birthplace of a Gaelic football goalkeeper?
GMC Terradyne was first unveiled to the public in an annual auto show held at which city?
Which coast does this trail run along which provides a hiking passage to Kalalau Valley?
What does the institute that Per Carlqvist attended specialize in?
What nationality is the man that discovered the NGC 5879 galaxy?
When did the campaign of political repression that Mikhail Demichev was arrested during occur?
Who specializes in horror movies, Rob Schneider or Christophe Gans?
Richard Gasquet and Andrea Hlaváčková were both born in the summer of 1986. Which tennis player is older?
Who was born first Dan Jacobs or Mel Tormé?
NanoScale Corporation was founded to develop properties of a university with a main campus in what Kansas city?
Eugene Isaac Meyer was the father of a publisher whose memoir won what in 1998?
Both Janggi and Isola are board-based strategy games; however, which game is played on a 9x10 gameboard similar to Chinese Chess?
Stephan Ratchford plays for the rugby team that has its home matches at which stadium?
What is the name of the area in Santa Clara County in California which is known for being a center for technology with a significant gender gap between the number of men and women employed?
What is the birth name of Ryan Lewis's partner on "This Unruly Mess I've Made"?
One of the musicals John Cullum won Best Leading Actor in a Musical for was a screwball comedy. What was the name of the other?
Sparks Fly was a song written before which first published Taylor Swift song?
What do the films "Giuliani Time" and "Life After People" have in common?
Which Olympic ski jumper is a stunt jumping world record holder for jumping over 6 buses and demonstrated the ski jump on a British television series?
The Smart Formore and the car codenamed X204 are what kind of cars?
John le Carré worked for a UK service bound by what?
What is the nationality of the woman who performed "A Message to Your Heart" at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1991?
The Dr. Wesley Blaisdell House is located in the hamlet on what route?
What was the 1977 debut album of the singer who named her tour the "Hide Your Heart Tour"?
The Blackburn Rovers F.C. striker from Bayern Munich is a Paraguayan footballer and the the sixth Paraguay national team player to reach what?
Which was formerly known as something else, Women's Running or Playgirl?
Which film starring Bob Hoskins, Christopher Lloyd, and others, spawned a series of short films from 1998 to 1993?
Lawrence D. Cohen's Carrie:The Musical is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel, which centers around a socially awkward teenage girl with what newly discovered powers?
Which group released the album Good Morning Vietnam 2: The Golden Triangle which features samples from the film "American Gangster"?
Which two halls of fame were both Walter Payton and Mike Ditka members of?
During United States Senate election in Michigan, 2012, the Republican party nominated this politician who represented Michigan's which district from in 1995?
Who made more movies after 1939, Albert Ray or Melvin Frank?
Darleen Carr has two sisters, one is Shannon Farnon, the other was best known for her role in the 1965 film version of what?
WHAT ADVENTURE THEME PARK HAS AN AREA THEMED AFTER A FILM PRODUCED BY PIXAR ANIMATION?
Where was the biggest department store which IBM Printer Model 4 headquartered?
What type of schools are both Carre's Grammar School and Kesteven and Sleaford High School?
Which charismatic Jewish American mobster created the Cohen crime family in the early 1930s?
Edward Arthur Seykota earned a S.B. degree in Electrical Engineering from a univeristy located in what city?
Who was born first Virginia Ruano Pascual or Jelena Janković?
Which diseases, commonly spread by oral, anal, and vaginal intercourse, are not discussed in Ugandan abstinence-only sex education?
Which star of The Bad Batch is born in 1992?
Was Brave New Films founded by Robert Greenwald or Alexander Kluge, a German author and film director?
Where does the the Trinity College Quirks sung with a collegiate a cappella singing group established at Yale University?
Which film had more producers, Khoobsurat or The Shaggy D.A.?
What is the seating capacity of the stadium in which The 1988 Soviet Cup Final football match that took place?
Are both Madagascar and Daphniphyllum flowering plant species?
The person who finished third in the 1984 World's Strongest Man was born on what date?
A Miser Brothers' Christmas was based on some of the characters from a stop motion spcieal based on a book by who?
Are Josh Franceschi and Park Subin both singers?
This 2014 American 3D computer-animated comedy-adventure film is a sequel to a film that was co-written and executive produced by who?
What mexican Grand Prix driver finished ahead of Reine Wisell in Wisell's first grand prix?
Who was born earlier, Ramón del Valle-Inclán or Robert Caro?
The Senator and founder of lobbying firm, Park Strategies, has a federal courthouse named after him located where?
Who was this American microbiologist who specialized in vaccinology that contributed to the development of the immunization vaccine against measles, mumps, and rubella (MMR vaccine)?
What was the name of the character, voiced by Asami Imai, that appeared in the survival horror, adventure, and dōjin soft video game series originally created by Makoto Kedōin and released in 1996?
On the coast of what ocean is the birthplace of Diogal Sakho?
Which Canadian mine was a goldmine, out of the Kemess Mine in British Columbia and Ontario's Temagami-Lorrain Mine?
There is a recurring theme in two American comic books published by Marvel Comics. One has a character Doctor Minerva while the other has a character Rauul. What name do these two comics have in common?
What genre of films are both Outfoxed and Transparent?
Which is the larger dog breed, Lakeland Terrier or Schapendoes?
What cityt did Samuel Clucas study in while playing during the end of the 2008-09 season?
Are both magazines, the Woman's Viewpoint and Pick Me Up, British publications?
Singer Annette Snell died in a airplane crash during a forced landing on a highway in what state?
Who was born first Sarah Waters or Saki?
Which Grade I listed building in Dorset, England was designed by the same designer as Blenheim Palace and Castle Howard?
Who caught a last second touchdown pass for the Michigan Wolverines thrown by a quarterback who played for the Jacksonville Jaguars?
When was the actor for Donna's daughter, Sophie, in Mamma Mia, born?
Whose son's death brought titles to Edward III's most trusted captain?
What do both Norwegian Lundehund and Kerry Blue Terrier have in coman?
Between Peter Carey and E. B. White, which author wrote more diverse literature?
Claude Nicollier and André Kuipers were both astronauts of which space agency?
Leslie Casson was professor of English Language and Medieval Literature at a university founded in which year?
What was the politician's position that was in the biography Percy Jackson wrote?
2007–08 Oklahoma Sooners men's basketball team was head coached by this American coach college basketball coach and former player who was born in what year?
Are André Cayatte and William Dieterle of different nationalities?
What country of origin does Lewis & Clark and Gabe Kaplan have in common?
What is the capital city of the Mexican state that has the municipal seat Ímuris?
Do the bands Peter Bjorn and John and Shihad both play indie pop?
Are Bear Hands and You Am I from the same country?
FM broadcasting began at the station of which inventor, who won the first Medal of Honor by what is now the IEEE?
Does Southwest Airlines operate out of both Sacramento International Airport and Bishop International Airport?
What move did Liev Schreiber appear in immediately prior to Jakob the Liar?
Barscobe Castle used stone taken from a castle in what Scottish river?
When was the man that Niels Andreas Vibe served as chamberlain for born?
What type of profession does Physikalische Zeitschrift and Peter Debye have in common?
Who was born 29 August 1959 and is the former International Space Station Commander Colonel?
Elsholtzia and Platycarya are both plants which are native to China but are they also both found in India?
Tiffany Williamson's finish in the 2005 WSOP was the highest by a female since another player, whose autobiography is called what?
Which cathedral was established or dedicated first, Chelmsford Cathedral or Cathedral of St John the Evangelist, Portsmouth?
Are Lucie Šafářová and Pavel Složil both Czech tennis players?
What is the name of the musician who is a winner of four Academy Awards and also composed music for It's Always Fair Weather?
Between 2010 and 2014, which stadium held the most seats for basketball in the Asian Games?
Carl Weathers portrayed the character that held what title in the Rocky films?
Marie Elizabeth de LaFite joined the service of the wife of which King of Great Britain?
Which British boxer eliminated Walid Sedik Mohamed in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
Which Curb Your Enthusiasm actor is the son of Harry Einstein?
Where does the highway end that starts south of Troy and goes through a New York town of 12,075 people?
Prior to serving as a member of the Provisional Congress of the Confederate States from Mississippi, William S. Barry served as a member of which majority-black district in the state, covering much of western Mississippi?
The Centennial Olympic Stadium and the Georgia State Stadium are both located where?
The writer of the theme and pilot incidental music for Cimarron Strip also scored a 1962 epic historical drama film based on the life of who?
Renée Montagne succeeded which American broadcast journalist, a Peabody Award-winning member of the National Radio Hall of Fame?
What is the name of the country variety show hosted by the singer of "I Never Picked Cotton"?
Kevin Smith was a member of a team that defeated what American Football Conference champions?
This journalist wrote Diary of a Chav and has her own weekly opinion column in The Independent.?
Sir Harry Donald Secombe appeared notably as Mr Buble in a 1968 British musical drama film directed by who?
What is the max weight in Celes Kobayashi boxing division?
Brickleberry was co-produced by which American comedian and television host?
Zombie Night starred the Actress who was on which CBS sitcom?
Kellas, Moray is a village that gave its name to a feline that was first discovered in what year?
For how many seasons did the series in which Courtney Thorne-Smith played Lyndsey McElroy run?
John McCrea and Les Claypool are musicians both from which country?
What islands have an area about 1400 km2 and is located 228 miles north west of Lerwick?
Which State's fish was discovered at the base of Colter Falls?
In what year did the group who made up the Nashville String Band with Chet Atkins win a Grammy award?
When did the show in which Rayane Bensetti won the fifth season first air?
The Web was a 1947 film that starred the actor who was known for starring in what genre of films?
Which movie came out first, 51 Birch Street or Man on Wire?
When did Morrissey release a cover version of a song from the singer whose debut album was Horses?
This character appeared in comics published by Marvel, one of his adversaries were Flag-Smasher and was created by Rob Liefeld. Who was the other creatore of this character?
The footballer who plays as a defender for the Wellington Phoenix A-League made his professional debut against Melbourne City FC, located where?
How long ago did the the species associated with KNM ER 1805 live?
Roshon Fegan and Camp Rock are associated with what major entertainment company?
The 2011 Copa del Rey was a specific type of rivalry, given this name to any match between which groups?
Charles Francis "Frank" Keeney Jr. was a union organizer during a war between which two factions?
What structure does Proctor, North Carolina and Fontana Lake have in common?
What is the production focus of the company that went on to produce a hit show by following families of of meerkats in the Kalahari Desert?
Chris Stewart plays for a professional ice hockey team that is the only Minneapolis-St. Paul area major professional sports league franchise to play in what city?
Dorrington, Lincolnshire is situated 1.2 both south from Digby and north of the village that contains approximately how many dwellings?
How? is a song from the album that was released after which first solo Lennon release?
Judah Lewis, an American child actor, is known for his roles in the films Deliverance Creek, and this, a 2015 USA drama directed by Jean-Marc Vallée?
Craig Rocastle is the cousin of a midfielder born in which year?
Who is more powerful than the Old Ones in the Palladium Books?
What was the 2012 French drama film directed by Benoît Jacquot based on the 2002 Prix Femina winning novel of the same name?
Where is the headquarters of the American multinational financial services corporation which appointed it's current CEO in November 2016?
What did the Lichfield Cricket Club nickname itself after?
Who won more Grand Slam singles titles Li Na or Larisa Neiland?
Which of the 1900 public parks in New York is the Grey Art Gallery located in?
What is the publishing year of this children's book written and illustrated by Dr. Seuss, in which the featured characted was also part of a book "Horton Hatches the Egg"?
Change is Now: Renewing America's Promise includes previously released tracks from an American hip hop recording artist who debuted in 1992 with what album?
The Dark Side: Secrets of the Sports Dopers was a documentary that accused the Green Bay Packers player of what position of using PEDs?
What are both Redbook and Home Monthly?
On what planet was a large rectangular outcrop that is composed mainly of sandstone first observed by an English astronomer born 1618?
What record company first realeased the video by Rihanna on which Adam Ross is featured?
How long is the river that begins 40 mi southwest of the county seat of Beltrami County?
What example of a venue with strippers to provide adult entertainment could be found in what neighborhood in New York City?
What is the surname of the only man other than Carlos Veri to have played in a World Cup, Olympic Games, Confederations Cup and continental championship final?
What suburb of Salisbury has a population of 98,861 people?
Willie Almond played for what Lancashire-based football club?
The USS Luiseno was named after the tribe of Native Americans with how many cultural/linguistic divisions?
What position does the boyfriend of Shakira when she released El Dorado play?
What mutiny in India was thwarted by MI5(b) during World War I?
How many times did the star of the film "Beau James" host the Academy Awards show?
When a former broadcaster with ABC Sports returned to coaching, how many years was the team he started coaching with the National Football League?
What area has become a popular tourist destination, maintained by the Maui Land & Pineapple Company?
What type of music is played by the band of which Dieter Meier is a manager and producer?
An american engineer born February 14, 1859 observed a wheel as a student located where?
What rifle is the basis for the the magazine-fed, gas-operated semi-automatic rifle designed to be manufactured with the extensive use of aluminum alloys and synthetic materials?
Who starred as secret-service agent Mike Banning in the film series Olympus Has Fallen and London Has Fallen?
What ended "Donnie Baseball"'s aspirations for a 1994 World Series?
How many miles long is this major railway link between London and Edinburgh, in which The Swinton-Doncaster line is a short railway between Swinton Junction and Doncaster South Yorkshire?
What character on family guy did the actor who played Moe Greene in The Godfather provide his voice for?
Which not-for-profit laboratory is based in the same city as the aerospace focused software company, Intermetrics?
Space Island One starred what English actress who is married to roy battersby?
Imperfect Circles is an episode of the drama that was developed by whom?
The first Chez Ntemba nightclub was founded in 1992 in a city located in which country?
In which region is the lake, found in Patagonia and shared by Argentina and Chile, located?
Which film director was born in 1908 - Tex Avery or John G. Blystone?
What political affiliation of the president whose favorite painter was Porfirio Salinas?
Grealeaf is a television series exexutive produced by the queen of what?
In what years did the coach of the 2001 Iowa Hawkeyes play college football?
The Missouri Tigers coached by gary pinkel played this team in 2010 insight bowl in tempe arizona?
When did the senator who vacated a U.S. Senate seat which Thomas M. Davis considering a run for in 2008 serve as Secretary of the Navy?
Chellis Glendinning worked alongside what Indian scholar?
Which of the hosts on A-List Listings is not married to Neil Patrick Harris?
What is birth name of the author of the novel "Diamond Girl"?
The murders of which police officers led to Dale Cregan being sentenced to life in prison?
What state does Whitetop, Virginia and Virginia Creeper Trail have in common?
The Ocean Cleanup was founded by a man who dropped out of what degree program?
When was the artist who released "Shadows Collide With People" born?
Tamarindo is a flavor of a popular soft drink company owned by which company?
Where was the leader of a military raid in April 1862 in northern Georgia from?
How long is the highway Whitehorse/Cousins Airport was built to support as of 2012?
Are Lloyd Kaufman and Víctor Erice both film directors?
What is the the "Billboard" 200 where "Vice Verses" debuted at number 8?
What was the name of the forerunner of the bolt-action rifle chambered for the 7.92×57mm Mauser cartridge that was adopted on 21 June 1935 as the standard service rifle by the German "Wehrmacht"?
What year did the mountain known in Italian as "Monte Vesuvio", erupt?
Which company has more employees, Becton Dickinson or American Airlines Group?
The village church of Derrybrien is dedicated to a fifth-century Romano-British Christian missionary known as what?
Rashad al-Shawwa was the Palestinian mayor of a city that has been inhabited since what century?
Euxoamorpha eschata is a moth found in a city situated on the southern shores of what?
Which party game was first published in German, Time's Up! or Elfenland?
Who was served as Governor of Geurnsey and built the Tudor manor house in Sutton Place, Surrey?
Are Cate Shortland and S. Sylvan Simon both writers?
Who created a sculpture two miles from Horse Thief Lake?
Where did the helicopter crash take place that killed Vic Morrow?
What moving starring Garvin Cross was set in the Bronx area of New York City, but filmed i ad around Vancouver, Canada?
What episode in the science-fiction series that is on Fox was the character David Robert Jones introduced?
Which board game was produced first, Hooop! or Dark Tower?
The refuge for a historically significant herd of free-roaming Mustangs is close to what lake?
Which magazine was based out of a community closer to Canada, Goldmine or Y'all?
Where does the railway line that provides services in Woodford, New South Wales extend to?
Which is part of the Guangdong Province, Tumen, Jilin or Chaoyang District, Shantou?
Who directed the 1985 film that details the serial killer who claimed to have killed over 3000 people, and who's confessions often contained inconsistencies or improbable logistics?
In what part of Buenos Aires Province is the city that has The Juan Carlos Castagnino Municipal Museum of Art located?
Which academy award did Ready Player one actor Mark Rylance win?
Which board game is designed by Serge Laget, Shadows Over Camelot or Lords of Waterdeep?
Who plays more instruments, Steve Lukather or Matthew Tuck?
What footballer came through F.C. Kossou Bibo Academy that was born in 1986?
The Granite Range is a mountain range southwest of a census-designated place with a population of what?
Which National Basketball Association player played his entire career with the team that Gregg Popovich coached?
The Williams FW37 was driven by Felipe Massa and another driver from what team?
Are both Lysiloma and Peltophorum large tree species?
Pudon is the location of a theme park featuring a show called?
The Clarence Gaines Award was named for Clarence Gaines, who coached for 47 years at a constituent institution of the University of North Carolina, that is a member-school of what fund?
What colors are common to the Welsh Springer Spaniel and Old Danish Pointer?
How many people cross the border over which the Chamizal dispute took place?
Which cocktail has the most ingredients, the Godfather or the Vesper?
On which bank of the river known in French as "Fleuve Saint-Jean" is Nashwaaksis situated?
Which rock band was formed before 1990, Pearl Jam or The House of Love?
What pair of authors used themes and characters from a fairy tale published in 1812?
Which football team won a La Liga trophy in the season that started on 29 August 1998 and finished on 20 June 1999?
What year was the original proposer of the dS/CFT correspondence of string theory born?
Bertram Mackennal was a sculptor most famous for designing coins and what else featuring King George V of England?
Are W. B. Yeats and Richard Wilbur of the same nationality?
In what City was the Realpha car based on?
The Rome Sand Plains are located 5 mi west of the center of a city located in what congressional district?
Which Lieutenant Governor of California issued proclamations for "Exotic Erotic Ball Day" in San Francisco?
What county does Howard Park Historic District and Timothy Edward Howard have in common?
Hedgehog in the Fog is directed by the animator of what nationality?
Which dog type is of the spitz type, Ariegeois or Norwegian Buhund?
Are Amesiella and Rhaphidophora both found in the western Pacific?
What is the name of the soundtrack from the 2007 film directed by Mani Ratnam where the popular Hindi song "Mayya" is featured?
Who flew on more Space Shuttle missions, meteorologist Piers Sellers or chemical engineer Lodewijk van den Berg?
Of the two plants, Bloomeria and Luculia, which is found in the broader area of land?
Was the documentary 500 Years Later released first or was it the documentary Here Is Always Somewhere Else?
What position or purpose does Jean Paul Leroux and Mía Maestro have in common?
Which genus has more species, Galanthus or Rhodanthemum?
What do both The Man and Raymond Briggs have in comman?
What #1 single came from the Neil Young album that is considered to be the predecessor of "Harvest Moon"?
Who was the director of the 1953 musical comedy for which the song "That's Entertainment!" was written?
MERSI protocol was used by the computer that was a fourth generation of what type of processors?
Which group owns the sister company of Market Place by Jasons?
The woman who wrote and storyboarded "Incendium" was born in what year?
When did the artist who was a guest judge in Under the Gunn begin her music career?
Which actor portrayed the 1993 professional road racing cyclist in a 2015 drama?
Candido Amantini was what type of priest, able to cast out demons?
How many costumers do this company have that is a "global e-learning player" along with Element K?
The Capricorns played on a keyboard from what Japanese company that his headquartered in Shibuya, Tokyo, Japan?
What is the nickname of the American rapper of Korean descent who is in the trio of Thirsty Fish?
What did the maker of Boston Beer Company inherited from his father?
In 2009 High and Mighty was sold to a mailorder group headquartered in what city?
When was the American actor born who acted as Carl Grimes in "Judge, Jury, Executioner"?
The Japanese action role-playing game, Rise of Mana, was developed for Sony Interactive Entertainment's PlayStation Vita and what other devices?
George Boscawen, 9th Viscount Falmouth is a former officer in which regiment of the British Army?
Who sang in more bands, Michael Crafter or Vincent Walker?
Who did NFL Street 2 feature on their cover had played college football at the University of Miami?
What precious metal did both McIntyre Mines and the Kemess Mine dig for?
What is the population of the largest town on Kaua' i?
Until 2006, the Nissan Sentra was a rebadged export version of a Japanese car that was first built in what year?
What contest Did Peter Nalitch known for "Lost and Forgotten" place 11th in?
The company that Corexit is an indirect subsidiary of is headquartered in what city?
The 1998 American horror film produced and directed by Gus Van Sant was a remake of a film that had an actress win what Golden Globe Award?
Are Lucia di Lammermoor and The Bartered Bride both comic operas?
What 1948 Heisman Trophy winner and American football player played college football on the same team as quarterback Gilbert Johnson?
What Canadian Director of Military Operations and Intelligence also served as a senior staff officer in the Canadian Expeditionary Force (CEF)?
If you flew from John Glenn Columbus International Airport to Monroe Regional Airport would you be traveling north?
What is the mountain called that was named after William Barton Rogers and has a summit elevation of 5729 feet above mean sea level?
Which Canadian-Spanish-American 2015 psychological thriller stars a British actress who was born in 1990?
What rock band had a song featured on a television program with Tony Ayres serving as an Executive Producer?
Which magazine came out first, Architectural Digest or Human Rights Quarterly?
Abuzar Aydamirov wrote lyrics in 1992 to what Russian national anthwm?
Which film maker was born first, Alfred Santell or Aleksei Balabanov.?
Who, also known as Jose Roberto da Silva is known to have Juan Figer as his agent?
In which American animated educational interactive children's television program, created and executive produced by Chris Gifford and Valerie Walsh, did Harrison Chad have a role?
What "Breaking Bad" actress also stars in a film associate produced by Nick Sakai?
A Norwegian composer who received numerous awards, lived in what residence that is located in the capital of Norway?
Henry Huggins has been published as an audiobook read by an American actor known for playing Barney Stinson on what television series?
Will Durant wrote a book in 1926 about what subject?
What is the name of the person who helped work on Les Sylphides and past away 22 August 1942?
What unincorporated community is concentrated around the intersection of Tennessee State Route 62 and the highway that is the core of the annual World's Longest Yard Sale?
The adopted son and heir of the founder of the Roman Principate was given what name at birth?
What viliage in the North Kesteven district of Lincolnshire, England hosts the title Ferrers Baronetcy created in 1628?
Jingming Garden is an imperial garden on the Jade Spring Hill west of a palace that covers how many kilometers?
Is George Duran or Richard Dekmejian older?
What debut album created by a musical artist who has performed with Aref Durvesh was nominated for a Mercury Prize?
What medal did this Eritrean-born American long distance runner who was coached by Bob Larsen win during the 2004 Olympics?
What region is the division which was one of the original 75 divisions to be contested at the first federal election, in which James Tully unsuccessfully contested for a federal seat in 1919, in?
Was Melissa Bank or Kingsley Amis an American author?
The city where Intesa Sanpaolo is based is the capital city of what region in Italy?
How long did the dynasty that Gustav Adolf von Wulffen was born in last?
Among Ted Sharks and Chantal Akerman who is known for more films?
Which documentary was produced earlier, Body of War or Air Force, Incorporated?
Which of the following is a home computer designed by Radofin and released in 1983: Mattel Aquarius or Tandy 1000?
What company produced both The Barefoot Executive and The Last Flight of Noah's Ark?
Which monarch of the Mexican Empire was the 19th-century castle on the Gulf of Trieste Miramare Castle built for?
What novel trilogy written in 1995 has won a number of awards and had a film made from it's first novel?
Modern Jive is a dance style derived from this American dance originated in Harlem, New York City in 1928, which s frequently described as what dance?
What is the name of the Maine town that is home to the Lincolnville Center Meeting House and the mainland terminal for state ferry service to Islesboro?
Have Jonah Matranga and Steve Strange both been singers?
Juan de Cáceres y Ulloa was an organist of this cathedral, which is the main catholic church in which city?
How many kilometers southwest of Geneva's city centre is Doyen Bridel from?
Widows' Peak stars what English actress commonly known as Dame?
Neville Chamberlain's nephew who plays for liverpool was born in which year?
Where does the city that the Dunedin Isles Golf Club Golf Course is get it's name from?
What American actor starred in the 2006 movie Click?
The London Hammer is considered what type of artifact?
When did the episode that the writer best known for "Chowder" and "Harvey Beaks" help write air?
What dynasty was founded by a Viking leader in the mid 9th century? (Info A: Viking leader founder, Info B: mid 9th century)?
What album released on March 18, 2017 did Jorja Smith have a guest appearance on?
WHICH MIKE WILL MADE IT SONG WAS CO-WRITTEN BY ROCK CITY?
Who was also an airline pilot, Billy Gibbons or Bruce Dickinson?
Who starred in a 1999 film based on the memoir "Rocket Boys"?
Are Phil Mogg and Dave Peters musicians?
Which individual from the silent film era, Enrico Cocozza or Robert F. Hill, mainly filmed in Scottland?
Where is the location of the company run by the founder of the direct sales industry?
In what location did both the fireworks shows Wishes: A Magical Gathering of Disney Dreams and Happily Ever After take place?
What state are the American rock band who formed in 2001 and shared the bill with The Jepettos at Tennent's Vital in 2012 from?
Are Dalton Trumbo and Herman Wouk both screenwriters?
Which horrer television series aired on AMC on oct 18 2015 directed by the author of the secret diary of laura palmer?
What pieces of work are Mercy Malick known for aside from the American television series developed by Rob Thomas and Diane Ruggiero-Wright?
What was the birthplace of a voice over actress whom Stephen Marley directed?
Did Chicken Cha Cha Cha or RoboRally receive more awards?
How did another historian describe the author of the book The Origins of the Second World War?
Mecklenburgh Square was named in honor of what queen who was Queen of Great Britain and Ireland after her marriage in 1761?
Where are the United States Army Infantry School and United States Army Airborne School based?
Strandloper was based on the story about an English convict who was transported to what country?
The Chesapeake Bay Retriever and Newfoundland are both breeds of what?
Q1: Who was director of the museum featuring the last sail-only warship designed and built by the United States Navy?
Were Coco and The Lizzie McGuire Movie released by the same company?
DesiHits raised venture capital in 2008 from which American firm?
In what city did the star of the movie "Death of a Soldier" strangle women?
What guitarist known for his back to basics rock style produced the Album Sin?
What 1599 play was remade into An Honourable Murder?
When was the University established at which Wilfred Cantwell Smith was director of the Center for the Study of World Religions?
Who produced the Orianthi single which peaked at No. 3 in Japan?
The band who had the album "Brujo" came from what city?
What Trust did the author of The Tale of Jemima Puddle-Duck leave her house to?
Charles Libby graduated from a high school located at what address?
Who are the two main characters of the animated Cartoon Network series that Boulder Media is best known for?
Are James Norman Hall and Amiri Baraka from the same country?
What position did both Warwick Capper and John Coleman play while iin the Australian Football League?
In which 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Todd Haynes did John Magaro star in?
What country of origin does Death Has a Shadow and Super Bowl XXXIII have in common?
Tallinn Airport is a secondary hub for two airlines, one of which established in 1929. What airline is this?
Where does the team Rick Bennett coaches play?
Which actress, known for her role as Denise Huxtable, directed the video to "It Never Rains (In Southern California)"?
What film was released more recently, The Legend of Lobo or Amy?
What pro sports draft consists of seven rounds in which it's 2011 draft was held in Radio City Music Hall?
Which film was released first, "The Battle of San Pietro" or "Pond Hockey"?
What year did Mark Wahlburg star in the American crime drama film directed by Martin Scorsese and written by William Monahan, a remake of the 2002 Hong Kong film "Infernal Affairs"?
Teri W. Odom is a Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at a private research university based where?
What is a county on the Mississippi coast?
The Irton Cross lies chronologically between the Gosforth cross and an Anglo-Saxon cross which probably dates from the 7th or early 8th century, featuring reliefs and inscriptions in what alphabet?
Which genus is part of the mallow family; Ferraria or Abelmoschus?
He Columbus Blue Jackets play in a league that has how many teams?
St. Ignatius, located on Flathead Indian Reservation, is listed in what register?
Between Elle and That's Life, which magazine has a wider audience?
Eleven Eleven is the studio album by the folk-rock musician of what nationality?
Anna Hamilton Phelan was nominated for an Oscar for the depiction of what naturalist's life?
Which group of plants contains more species, Verticordia or Ericaceae?
Wapack Wilderness and Lake Monomonac share what state?
Are Anacardium and Berberidopsis in the same kingdom?
In which city did the Italian operatic composer that lived from 28 August 1867 - 12 November 1948 premiere his "Fedora"?
What is the name of the college of law at the university for which Tom Lovat was head coach in 1975?
"Two Swords" is the first episdoe of a televsion series duing season that concluded on what date?
Do both Tim Howar and Milo Aukerman have their doctorate degrees?
The aborignal group who traditionally lived in the area contiguaous with Coffs Harbour, New South Wales speak what language?
Who is the other lyricist for the Hindi movie Don, besides Lalji Pandey?
The Dormition of St. Mary Cathedral, Bera is a church in the fortress that dates back to which century?
On which record label did the band who released the single Feel It Still release their eighth full-length album Woodstock?
Who produced the album that included a re-recording of "Lithium"?
What year was the firstprofessional golf tournament sponsored by the producers of Noilly Pratt held?
What triggered both the 2016 Minneapolis shooting and the unlikely outcome of the 2016 US presidential election?
Which rock band was formed first, The Rockfords or Radio Iodine?
What is the area of the town that Church of St. Anne is located in (in Acres)?
The End is an EP by an English heavy metal band which was only available at dates with the final show was February 4, 2017, in their home city of what?
Are both Hippophae and Pelargonium genera of sea buckthorns?
Where does the latest champion of the Scottish Open live?
Franklin Parish, Louisiana is named after a man born in what year?
TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs was an event that was held at the arena in what part of Dallas?
The Ona people populated what continent?
Who has played in more doubles partnerships, Mark Woodforde or Leoš Friedl?
What prize was the translator of the song "My Boy" awarded?
Thermopsis rhombifolia could be found in the Great Plains, where do Great Plains could be found in the United States?
A low cost airline made plans to operate intercontinental flights from its home at the main domestic hub and international airport in Norway, and second-busiest airport in the Nordic countries, to the International airport in what American city?
How does Tina Lenert act out a story?
Doc Gessler began his career with the team that is now part of what American League division?
What record producer has produced records from an English tenor and actor born 29 September 1973?
What was the number one-single by an English singer from her eponymous debut studio album?
The father of Otto III was Holy Roman Emperor until his death in what year?
Simmias of Thebes appears as a main discussion partner in a dialogue from the man who founded what?
Who was born in an earlier year, Arantxa Sánchez Vicario or Mark Edmondson?
Who is part of both New Order and The Other Two?
Who is affiliated with more bands, Ronnie James Dio or Luca Prodan?
Has Lin-Manuel Miranda or The Barefoot Executive received more awards?
At which university did the father of Damien Wilkins play shooting guard/small forward collegiately?
What English actor and musician starred in a movie with Harrison Ford in 1983?
Which band was formed first, Navarone or Balance and Composure?
What is the first book in the prequel series to the four books referred to also as the Predator Cities Quartet by Philip Reeve?
What is the name of the television adaptor of the historical novel by Ken Follett published in 1989?
Lars Nieuwpoort formerly played for which Dutch club, founded in 2001?
The Amazing Race Canada 3 compete for a grand prize that includes the opportunity to fly anywhere for a year on this airlines founded in what year?
What member of blues rock band from Athens, Alabama helped found Single Lock Records?
The River Dee flows through Wales and what village in England?
Where was the drivers' world champion of 1995 born?
Bridge Plaza in Brooklyn is bordered on the west by the bridge that has a length of what?
In the twelfth season of "The Simpsons" who represented an American pioneer nurseryman who introduced apple trees to large parts of Pennsylvania, Ontario, Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, as well as the northern counties of present-day West Virginia?
Where is the 181st Infantry Brigade's headquarters in Rock Island Arsenal located in the U.S?
"Born Rich" and "Innocence" are what type of films?
Which Manson Family member, nicknamed "Blue," appeared in The Family Jams album?
Which President of the United States planned to trade and build skyscrapers in German in 2000?
Of the two presidents who served during the heyday of the "Kansas City Star," which one did NOT use nuclear weapons in war?
Robert Walser and Ira Levin are both a?
Who was the author of the novel which was the basis for the 2011 film of the same nae which starred the actress whose screen debut was in the television film "Replacing Dad"?
Which film did Jennifer Tilly star in 12 years before the release of The Making of Plus One?
What distinction does the representative who drew national media attention to the death of Aiyana Jones hold?
How many existing basic design types are there of the weapons the United States and the Soviet Union had an arms race over?
Where was William Shakespeare tragedy that Bruto Castellani appeared in first performed?
What is the population of the town which has the headquarters of the TrustCo Bank?
What is the birth date of the composer who created the opera the Consul?
Who produce the British crime drama series in which Ricky Tomlinson acted as DCI Charlie Wise?
Protective coverings used to bind together the pages of a book are sometimes intentionally copied with what type of written work?
Which tennis player is younger, Sun Tiantian or Anna Kournikova?
Who was born in Barry, Wales and was involved in the E-borders programme?
Venkatesan Guruswami is a computer scientist at what private research university in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania?
The Cheakamus Valley basalts are part of what southwestern British Columbia formation?
The home of the first US Secretary of the Treasury is preserved at what memorial?
One Night in Istanbul stars a British actor and recording artist who is best known for his portrayal of Jonah Kirby on what BBC One drama?
In what year was the movie Dragon Fist starring Nora Miao released?
Which president signed this act that led to Choctaw tribe of Native Americans being forced to move out of Choctaw County by federal troops in 1830?
The father of the current manager of Maidenhead United appeared more than 100 times in what football league?
Which dating site can members interested in Hillary Clinton's rival use?
Where was the foremost disciple of the Indian musicologist who wrote the first modern treatise on Hindustani classical music a principal?
Which Portuguese winger played beside Zlatan Ibrahimović in the 2008-09 Inter Milan team?
Mark Selby played guitar for the American country music singer who was part of what battle?
What singer from the band "Mary Mary" shared the job title of host for an awards show with a television star?
The song "Young and Menace" is the lead single from the band Fall Out Boy's Mania, which was released when?
Are Schwantesia and Cleome both flowering plants?
What is the same of the city that is the second largest city municipality in Italy and appeared in The 2010 Giro d'Italia?
Where is the wild cat preditor of the European rabbit native to?
In what city is the college preparatory private school where the author of the novel featuring symbologist Robert Langdon and cryptologist Sophie Neveu located?
What executive producer of The Real Housewives of Miami is also the first openly gay host of an American late-night talk show?
Which entity does this political philosophy that is sometimes associated with an inherent utopia believe in removing from society?
Were Elizabeth Taylor and Dino Buzzati both well known or world famours?
Are both A Midsummer Night's Dream and La sonnambula operas?
Grosvenor House is owned by the president of what authority?
Giuseppe "Oscar" Damiani is the agent of a French-born Gabonese professional footballer how is known for his speed, and clocked how many metres in 3.7 seconds?
Where is the band who released Steroids from?
Get Outta My Dreams, Get into My Car was taken from a line in the song released in what year in the US?
Which is taller 1717 Broadway or One Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza?
Who is older, Ara Parseghian or Tim Kurkjian?
What position did the Croation goalscorer in the 2009–10 DFB-Pokal season final primarily play?
Where is the unincorporated community and census-designated place which The New York Stakes is been held annually located?
Who is older, Arab-Israeli actor Mohammad Bakri or American painter Julian Schnabel?
Are Wanding Town and Jiujiang, Guangdong both frontier towns?
Rodrigo Hinzpeter was appointed as a minister by a president who was in office between what years?
Mehrdad Raissi Ardali has provided Persian voice over for which movie that was based on a honey bee that learns humans sell and consume honey?
If you started out at 1 Penn Square in Philadelphia, which direction should you go to find the most notable partof the Avenue of the Arts?
Which board game was published first, Caylus or Titan?
What was the record label on which Taylor Swift recorded her debut studio album with the producer who graduated from Lee University?
In what year was the father of Robin Perutz born?
What countries have land borders with the country which Johannes (Juho) Lepistö served as member of Parliament?
What South Korean singer and television personality hosted show also hosted by comedian Jeong Hyeong-don and rapper Defconn?
Adnan Oktar sent thousands of unsolicited copies of a book that was translated into which languages?
What city was the site of a 2015 South Korean thriller film that was released on Christmas Day and that starred an actor nominated for the Baeksang Arts Award for his performance?
Who is an indie pop singer that combines masculine and feminine characteristics?
Joe Cornish co-wrote a film based on what characters?
Are both Twilight Struggle and Evo games?
The lGerman tv show "Heute-show" is a conceptual adaptation of an American show that aired on what network?
Was When the Levees Broke filmed after Captain Mike Across America?
Where did grocery store giants founded in 1854 and 1939 get their start?
In which city is the southern terminus of this north–south United States highway located, which Kentucky Route 1632 connects KY 9 with?
What was the first of these types in which was supervised by Walter Zinn of the Manhattan Project?
Who was the tutor of the person San Casimiro is named after?
Who was born first, Steve Railsback or Charles Manson?
Are Liberty University and University of Pécs both located in the United States?
What haircut was popularized by the actress who starred in the 1928 film A Girl in Every Port?
What type of unit was this unit of the United States Army that served in combat during the Indian Wars in the western United States for which Wade H. Hammond served as bandmaster?
To which event where three Roman legions were distroyed is the phrase The German Forest sometimes used to refer to?
Which star of "Mr. Holland's Opus" was also a radio personality for which station between 1976 to 1979?
The Fridge had booked such acts as the English singer and DJ who was the lead singer of what pop band?
What actress, born on May 23, 1919, starred in the 1949 film "Neptune's Daughter"?
The quarterback that was drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the 3rd round of the 2010 draft has won the Walter Camp Award how many times?
In what episode does Henry Mills' biological mother help two children track down their father before they are placed in a foster care system?
W.H. Walker and Brothers was a narrowboat builder based in a small town approximately 20 mi northwest of what?
Hylton Riverside is a large retail park that hosts a business founded when 50 JJB Sports Fitness Clubs and the attached retail stores were purchased by who?
Are the University of New Hampshire and King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi both research schools?
In 2007, in which region was this tropical cyclone affecting Oklahoma and Texas formed?
Jeff Tisdel coached Nevada to a bowl victory in the bowl game played at what stadium?
"Rain Over Me" is a song by a rapper whose debut album was released in what year?
What country of origin does Reece Noi and Waterloo Road have in common?
Noor Zehra plays a variation of a stringed instrument that was traditionally used to play what kind of music?
Which American football player who played 15 seasons for the Dallas Cowboys and retired in 1989 was a big factor in the 1983 Dallas Cowboys season?
The author of the memoir Nomad: From Islam to America: A Personal Journey Through the Clash of Civilizations founded an organisation for what?
What English-American heavy metal band active from 2006 to 2010's drummer did Greg Hampton form a new project with in 2011?
Wingaersheek Beach is located in the neighborhood of West Gloucester, a part of which Massachusetts city?
Mike Lévy remixed tracks for artists such as a Canadian musician who has released how many albums?
What country were Mark Linkous and Mark Wystrach singers of?
Anupam Kher starred in the thriller film "Lust, Caution" directed by whom?
Who has more scope of profession, Rudolf Schwarzkogler or Alfonso Cuarón?
Megalyn Echikunwoke played a comic book character in what movie?
In what city is the CBS station that features children's show Gator Tales?
The Village Barbershop includes a barber from a city that is in what county?
The actress who voiced the mother in Footfalls is best known for her role in what television series?
In what city is Macquarie Media broadcasting's 3AW talkback radio station located?
Primer Impacto is presented by Félix Fernández and another television personality who anchored Univision's FIFA World Cup coverage until what year?
What term, more masculine than falsetto, refers to the optimal combination of airflow and glottal tensions that yields maximum vibration?
Which astronaut flew on the Apollo 7 becoming NASA's 3rd civilian astronaut after Neil Armstrong and Elliot See?
Pop Wea was associated with a Native American tribe that speaks what language?
How long is the river that contains Colter Falls?
Who managed the Detroit Tigers in the 142nd Major League Baseball season?
Are both Yarmouk University and New York Institute of Technology public institutions?
Was the commissioner of the building Brenda A. Levin worked on?
What year was the facility that was replaced by the arena that was briefly known as Paige Sports Arena opened?
When was the singer who sang Into a Fantasy born?
Steve Evans has had writing appear in the Florida newspaper owned by which company?
In between Kai Hansen and Serri who is a South Korean singer, songwriter and actress?
Solider's Home starring actress started her career when?
Which English football club's based in West Bridgford and is a former club of Sheffield United's Billy Sharp?
Who was born first, Emma Bull, or Kenneth Clark?
What team did the former American football player, sports commentator, and actor coach in the reality television show, Bound for Glory?
Which location is a seat of Enshi Tujia, Enshi City or Zhuzhou?
A Ham in a Role is a Looney Tunes short that draws heavily from a tragedy about two young star-crossed what?
Juwan Howard beat what team to win his first NBA Final?
What was Telesphorus' father the god of in ancient Greek mythology?
Were the books Toby Tyler and The Graveyard Book both made into films? No?
Which of the corporation to which APM Automation Solutions recently became a part is an American multinational corporation headquartered in Ferguson, Missouri, United States?
Who created the American sitcom which "Nothing Good Happens After 2 A.M." is the 18th episode in the first season of?
Which research center is west of a coastal seaport city in Canada?
The History of Linux began with a personal project by what kind of engineer?
B Sides and Rarities is a compilation album by American pop singer Andy Williams that included a cover of a song originally recorded by who?
What type of media does Smash Cut and Sasha Grey have in common?
Which 2017 documentary film was commissioned in part by the royal who is currently fifth in line to the British throne?
What city is the Gatchina Palace Egg in?
This group of people, which have inhabited the state of Arizona for thousands of years, are also served as influences from popular music styles throughout the rest of the United States?
Who else did the author of The Power Broker write a biography of?
Which of these Asian directors was behind the science fiction adventure film "Snowpiercer", Bong Joon-ho or Vincent Kok?
Thamesville, Ontario is located between Chatham and which city with a population of 383,822 people and is at the confluence of the Thames River?
What musical strengths do Naser Mestarihi and Ben Weasel share?
Kent County Cricket Club in 2011 were joined by a Pakistani cricketer who bats left or right-handed?
Which came out first, "Hollywood Chinese" or "The Truth According to Wikipedia"?
Who lived longer, Bo Widerberg or Petar B. Vasilev?
Which Supreme Court case addressed more Amendments of the US Constitution, District of Columbia v. Heller or Gibbons v. Ogden?
The murderer in the investigation the documentary The Witness covers was sentenced to what official punishment?
The director of the film "Muriel" also directed a film from a screen play by who?
Who portrays the character that adopted Henry Mills in the series Once Upon a Time?
Slaven Bilić who described Ivica Olic as a typical "match-winner" and "king of important matches" is a manager of which club?
What type of group does Colégio Diocesano de São José 5 and Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau have in common?
Ivan Cooper led an anti-internment march which developed into a massacre where how many people died?
Both Lacey Sturm and Natalie Maines have what occupation?
What is the nickname of the husband of the real life person portrayed by Sharon Stone in the movie "Casino"?
The MacBook uses a series of IPS panel displays that offer what compared to traditional displays?
What is the middle name of the character Ellie Kemper portrays in the Netflix original series, "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt"?
What is the name of the first live DVD by the black metal band for which Abbath Doom Occulta is the bassist?
The Chain starred an American actor who has appeared in over 150 films. What did the actor make guest appearences on?
What is the nationality of Alexa Ray Joel's mother?
What technology company created the Group Control System operating system and is located in Armonk, New York?
What country does Games and Official Xbox Magazine have in common?
The album that played the style of music played in Honky-tonk bars and rock and roll was the first album by who?
Which British film producer co-produced a film starring Leonardo DeCaprio as a thief?
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them is written about a topic in the Harry Potter universe, where is this topic derived from?
Was Kristie Boogert or Alex O'Brien ranked higher as a singles player?
Blue Vinyl and High School are both what?
Which genus of plant has more species, Melasphaerula or Weigela?
Which plant has more spikes projecting from its stems: Fouquieria or Alfalfa?
Steve Carell starred alongside Emma Stone in "Battle of the Sexes", which was loosely based on whom?
What term describes the countries England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland and held the British Home Championship in 1959-60.?
Trish Sie was a director for the upcoming musical comedy film written by whom?
Are Abū Ja'far al-Khāzin and Haly Abenragel both from the Middle East?
Where was the mixed martial arts event that Sabah Homasi competed in?
What denomination is the church Jørgen Tandberg served as a bishop in?
Which city hosted a march in the Nichidatsu Fujii's movement and is the site of Alcatraz island?
The producer of "I Am That Change" made his adult acting debut in what film?
How long did the rebellion led by Samuel Sharpe last?
How is a Treeing Walker Coonhound and an Otterhound differnt?
The Holy Trinity, an episode of British motoring series "The Grand Tour" was produced by which independent television production company founded in 2015 in the UK?
Which author wrote the novel which Mr. Brownlow is a character in?
Paricutin is what natural phenomenon that resulted in covering the town of San Juan Parangaricutiro?
Troy Edward Baker voiced Booker DeWitt in a video game published by which company?
Both Buddleja and Acantholimon are considered which level of classification?
Where is the 2014 independent crime drama film, that stars the actor who played the role of James Crockett in Miami Vice, set?
Who was born first, Berthold Viertel or Wes Anderson?
Were Miracle and Dinosaur released in the same year?
Which movie came out first, Still Kicking or American Jobs?
Which is Roy Clark known for first, performing at Forum 303 Mall or hosting Hee Haw?
From which long-term Native American alliance is there a namesake state park in Shabbona Township, Illinois?
The Tower Commission had a National Security Advisor who had served in what previous capacity?
What team Japanese baseball team does Daisuke Matsuzaka, famous shuuto pitcher, play for?
What is compact identifier 1996astro for Galaxy Fliament also known as?
Wolves Within is the fourth album by a band from what city and state?
What colonel during the Mexican Revolution owned a factory that distilled an alcoholic beverage made from any type of agave plant native to Mexico?
The Ladder of Lies stars what american film actress best known as the estranged wife of silent film star Rudolph Valentino?
The Dubai English Speaking College was founded by the daughter of Kind Hussein of Jordan also known as what?
What is the name of the first collection of poems or the American poet who appeared in numerous literary magazines, including one that added a book division with Elizabeth Ellen as editor?
Which artist is still part of a band, Brendon Urie or Kevin Max?
The big winner of the 63rd Bodil Awards was the 2009 English-language film that came from what country?
Knat Scatt Private Eye is a two-act, 1930s-style film noir musical featuring an American actor known for playing Michael Scott on the American version of what?
What type of band was the Texas Tornados when Doug Sahm was a member?
Roman Coppola was a screenwriter who wrote which 2012 coming-of-age film?
Jim McCormick wrote a song for what artist that has earned more number one albums than any other artist in US jazz chart history?
Which year was the coach of Houston Cougar's in the 2016-17 season born?
In what festival did Gigantic premier in with the actress who played Violet in "The Incredibles"?
What city was the company, which acquired Bob Meyrowitz's company in 2001, founded?
Which city is host to "The Fifty Worst Films of All Time" writer Michael Medved's syndicated talk show?
The town in which Birch Point State Park is located in had what population in the 2010 census?
In which city is the Gator Bowl Stadium which hosted the Florida-Georgia game?
Does Dryopteris or Adenanthos have more species?
Who acted in the shot film The Shore and is also the youngest actress ever to play Ophelia in a Royal Shakespeare Company production of "Hamlet."?
Main Rahoon Ya Na Rahoon was a song by a finalist on what program?
"No Foe Shall Gather Our Harvest" is a poem first published in a monthly women's magazine published by who?
What school did the man featured on European cover of Madden NFL 99 play collegge football for?
Did Sir Edmund Gardner feature Sherlock Holmes arch enemy more or less than Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
Which American rapper wrote the song titled "Love the Way You Lie (Part II)"?
The Biograph Theater is notable as the location where a bank robber who escaped from jail twice was shot by who?
Stan Brakhage and Frank Powell are known for what kind of films?
Are 7 World Trade Center and the Time Warner Center both located in New York City?
What number is the series of "Oz" books does the City of Thi appear in?
What record company released the album that is a collaboration between Daniel Dumile and Bishop Nehru?
Who's life is captured in the 1999 British film about the collapse of Baring's Bank, the United Kingdom's oldest merchest bank, due to fraudulent, speculative trading?
Beyond the Fridge featured a performance by Jonathan miller who first came to prominence when?
Who is the secretary of a business-oriented American lobbying group that is not an agency of the United States government?
Which dog is from South America the Schipperke or the Mucuchies?
What type of animal was pursued and slain by Antoine De Beauterne?
Sarah Drew had which role on the ABC drama Grey's Anatomy?
Type 07 military uniforms were first seen during the transfer of sovereignty from the United Kingdom to which country?
Alaunt or Polish Tatra Sheepdog, which is extinct?
What prize was won for a book by a British author and illustrator from Dartmoor, focusing on futuristic steampunk London?
Which fictional location is featured in the children's novel published fourth in "The Chronicles of Narnia" series by C. S. Lewis?
No team has won a championship since the Redskins at a Superbowl, at this superbowl what was the final score?
Which plant's name is derived from the greek for "bee," Melittis or Hovea?
Who did Holly Dunn record "Daddy's Hands" for?
The longest river on the east coast has a tributary in Scott Township that is approximately how long?
What position in the Nigerian Army is the appointer of Mahmood Yakubu retired from?
Who was born first Quentin Crisp or J. B. Priestley?
What Pulitzer Prize considered an artist as a finalist who was also part of a duet responsible for the album 'Wisdom in Time'?
Which fil directed by Brian Percival is about a young girl living with her adoptive German family dua?ing the Nazi err?
Who introduced the Ultimate Boeing 747 gambit in response to the idea that there must be a god if there appears to be a deliberate design in the natural world?
Astralwerks was a label that released an album by the artist from what North Carolina city?
What republic was started because of a dispute in the area The Green Mountain Boys were a militia?
What is the rating of the highest charting album from Judy Collins that includes the song from "Love Actually"?
Elkhan Mammadov is the project leader for a bid to host which edition of UEFA European Championship?
Jessica Canseco is the wife of what cuban-american former outfielder and designated hitter?
Which American animated television series has C. H. Greenblatt worked on?
When was the vocalist that took over Bruce Dickinson's position as the lead vocalist for Iron Maiden born?
Difficult People co-stars the comedian and actor of what nationality?
GURPS Banestorm and GURPS Infinite Worlds are setting sourcebooks and supplements for what edition of the GURPS Role-Playing Game?
Which documentary film was released first, Streetwise or The Last Lions?
The 1934 Texas Tech Matadors represented the college in what city?
Lutefisk often served at Svensk Hyllningsfest is native to what region?
Which Lancashire river passes through the small town of Padiham and Burnley?
What founder of media-platform Complex was also the founder of billion-dollar global fashion company Ecko Unlimited?
Who is known by the most other names, Scott Sidney or John Dahl?
Were Disney's The Kid the The Gnome-Mobile directed by different people?
Fabrizio Ciano was the son of a foreign minister who left behind a diary that was used in an HBO documentry-drama entitled what?
Which American actor born in 1950 plays a supporting role in the movie Syriana?
How many houses are in the village which is a part of the Town of Smithtown?
What happened to the airline charter based in Coral Gables, Florida?
What American media franchise is centered on a series of monster films featuring Godzilla and King Kong?
Harry Rimmer was part of a movement that began in what time frame?
Who wrote the 1971 drama which stars the winner of the 1997 BAFTA Fellowship?
Gordon Ogilvie wrote his 1973 book over a farmer who pioneered in what field?
Which area is in opposite direction to the suburb of Adelaide which spans between the Prospect and the Port Adelaide Enfield?
Who invented the AGA cooker and was instrumental to the success of AGA AB?
Susan May Pratt played the part of Mandella in a movie that came out in which year?
Which writer is from a country closer to the United States of America, Halldór Laxness or A. A. Milne?
Who wrote the introduction to the book Cleaver wrote in 1968?
The Wedding Present discography equalled a record for a run of top-30 singles by which artist known as the King of Rock and Roll?
What is the name of the daughter-in-law of Governor John L. Helm, who was also the sister-in-law of Abraham Lincoln?
Hae Min Lee's body was found in a park that covers how many acres?
What band released an album in which its title is is related to a band in which Jeff Tweedy is the lead singer?
Which genus has more species in it, Dipteronia or Syringa?
What building is connected by tram to the Mirage and is owned by General Growth Properties Inc.?
The list of players who have played for the Princeton Rays includes what player nicknamed "The Perfect Storm"?
What genre of film is Futtocks End where Michael Hordern played role of butler?
Both Olympia Entertainment and Joe Louis Arena are located in what city?
Who was a religious and literary critic, Henry Roth or Christopher Hitchens?
The town of Cardin, Oklahoma is located within the Tar Creed Superfund site causing toxic areas and therefore reducing the population to what number in November 2010?
Who is the American Independent Baptist evangelist that led Billy Graham to Christ?
Which American actor was Candace Kita guest starred with?
What single by an Australian rock band was featured in an Australian paranormal television program which premiered on 9 July 2015, on ABC1?
Who is the drummer of the band that released the song "Angels Fall"?
How did the Molotov-Ribbentrop Pact impact the land of Tinutul Jiu?
When did the American comedy drama starring american actresses Kate Hudson, Hayden Panettiere, and Joan cusack released\?
What is the name of the eighth gate to the city of Babylon, currently housed at Pergamon Museum?
Which fruits/crops from Stephanandra and Coffea are valued more across the world?
Which airport is further west, Dayton International Airport or Friday Harbor Airport?
The college team that Rodney Dent played for has how many all time wins?
Which work by the brother of Tom and William Delafield Arnold was edited by Louise Manning Hodgkins?
Who played in more bands, Marty Raybon or Signe Toly Anderson?
Who killed the American outlaw that was gunned down in a house in St. Joseph, Missouri in 1882?
Who did the ninth overall pick in the 2007 NBA draft tie with during voting for the 2013 NBA All-Defensive Team?
Which of the following waterways, Central Arizona Project or Schuylkill Canal are inaccurately named?
What brothers of Samoan descent recorded an album that reached No. 1 in New Zealand and stayed there for 5 consecutive weeks?
What show that Tom Warburton worked on aired from September 3, 2010 to April 4, 2014?
Which magazine has more audience, The Friend or The Saturday Evening Post?
Which independent publisher founded in 1993 by Jeffrey Thomas publishes horror, science-fiction, and dark fantasy?
When did the battle where George C. Kimble died take place?
What was a previous unoffical name for the high performance variant of Audi's compact executive car?
Are both Paul Baloff and Nick Hexum American?
Are Romulea and Baikiaea in different plant families?
Which major awards did the author of the play Seven Guitars receive for his work?
What position does the man who succeeded David Allison Dodge as Governor of the Bank of Canada now hold?
Where did the 2017 Gujarat Lions coach graduate from college?
Which science fiction novel was written by a Lithuanian-American science fiction author, editor, and critic?
The author of Eiger Dreams was part of an ill fated expedition to where?
Where was the Northern Pacific Depot built after the previous depot was destroyed in the 200000 acre fire on September 1, 1894?
Jim Molinari is assistant coach for a team that has how many wins and losses?
Which clause of the United States constitution prohibits the 18th United States Secretary of Transortation from holding the office of President of the United States?
Purina ONE is made by a company that is based where?
The top brand of beer in North Korea is brewed by which company?
The South Side Writers Group was a circle of African-American writers and poets formed in the 1930s which included an an American journalist, poet, political and labor movement activist and what?
Canadian actor, director, producer, and musician starred in Street Kings with which other man?
For how many terms was this Indiana State Senate senator and Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Indiana elected in the Indiana State Senate after whom the Howard Park Historic District is named?
Did Andrei Platonov or Alice Walker win more Pulitzer prizes?
What was the area known in Europe where the pirates were based in against whom Admiral of the Fleet Edward Russell has a operation as a captain in the Mediterranean?
Which play, written by a professor of several universities including State University of New York at Buffalo and the State University of New York at Stony Brook, shared the title of Obie award for Distinguished play?
Coptic nationalism is a belief system of a group of people who inhabit which modern-day nation?
Make America Psycho Again alludes to a campaign slogan that is similar to what other president?
What is detected by the HVA metabolite, produced by the organic chemical of the catecholamine and phenethylamine families?
How many copies of the books by the author of The Leopard have sold worldwide?
Who hosted the reality talent competition for a musical based on a 1939 film?
Ulrich Walter and Mirosław Hermaszewski were both astronauts, which one was also a german physicist and engineer?
The Dummer's War was a series of battles fought between New England and which Algonquian-speaking nation of the Wabanaki Confederacy?
Will, an Indian of the Misquito tribe, is in a book second only in translations to what other book?
Sophie Grégoire is married to what Canadian politician?
What music video of the song recorded by Canadian singer Justin Bieber starred Xenia Deli a Moldovan fashion model?
Sahara Hotnights and Hurricane No. 1. are both what?
Are Call Me Lucky and In the Realm of the Hackers both American documentries?
What was the nickname of the family that owned Ashley Park around the turn of the 20th century?
What is the theme of the pool at Disney's Value Resort that followed All-Star Movies, and All-Star Music?
A British television dance contest has featured what Brazilian dancing style?
Mariënhof is a defunct restaurant in what Netherland province?
Neighboring Rapid city is a memorial with a sculpture whose design was created by who?
Beautiful Losers and American Harmony are both what?
Are Dome Mine and Jolly Jack's Lost Mine part of a Gold Rush legend?
What family does the king who dissloved the Jordanian government in 2009 belong to?
Are both Diamond v. Chakrabarty and Gates v. Collier United States Supreme Court cases?
Muriel Ostrich was the face of a carbonated beverage meaning what?
What type of occupation Johnny Joyce and Paul Simon and have in common?
What canton of Switzerland was the last to grant women the right to vote that is located near The Marwees?
What was the Soviet designation for the class of destroyer that is complemented by the Udaloy-class destroyer?
FreeMIDI was a program made for the operating system developed by what company?
What type of studyn does Morton Gurtin and Archive for Rational Mechanics and Analysis have in common?
Favre Lake can be found in what corner of the state of Nevada?
Khalil Al Ghamdi, from a sovereign Arab state in Western Asia, is a referee for what sport?
Diego Schwartzmann won the annual finals tournament in 2014, but failed to qualify to defend it in 2015, at which sport?
Did Peterson's Magazine or Janus have a longer publication run?
What type of weapon did a British Royal Marine help a soldier and firearms expert create?
The Hungry Hustlerz: Starvation Is Motivation is the fifth studio album by a rapper that was nominated for a Grammy award in what year?
The 2013–14 Toronto Raptors season included a trade to the Sacramento Kings for the player of what nationality who played college for Maryland?
What star of Silver River became a U.S. citizen in 1942?
When was the actor who starred in The Finest Hours born?
The Foreigner universe is a fictional universe created by an author that has written approximately how many books?
James Hillier had a role in Seasons 1 and 2 of the Netflix series created and written by whom?
The Northrop F-15 Reporter was based on a night fighter that included how many mounted M2 Browning machine guns?
Which part of Scotland had a famous historical battle and also has a fort that is a scheduled monument?
Who directed the 2010 film that starred the actor that played the scientist Jake on the CW's "The 100"?
Which genus, Callianthemum or Chamaemelum, is native to more continents?
Friedrich Hund, creator of Hund's rule of maximum multiplicity, is known for his work on what?
Where did the label connected with the release of Radiohead's album "In Rainbows" gain attention after its release?
Yes? No? is the debut extended play by South Korean singer and member of what girl group?
Which coach led the 1922 Texas Longhorns football team to a 7-2 record?
Do Kitelife and The American Conservative publish articles on similar topics?
Did Carroll Ballard or Richard Linklater receive an American film director award for Best Director and Best Picture?
In which country do Ulrike Ottinger and Helmut Käutner hail from?
What movie did English actor Alistair Petrie star in that also stars Chris Hemsworth?
When was the Polish professional boxer over which Joe Smith Jr. rose to prominence in 2016 by scoring an upset knockout victory born?
What is the former name of the city whose symbol is Cerro de la Campana?
Which mixed martial artist was represented by Marc Roberts?
Which season of Bolin began airing on Nickelodeon in the U.S. on June 27, 2014?
Who did Mark Bomar play the role of in the game released worldwide for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on October 21, 2016?
In Tetrabiblos, what does Hyleg mean?
When was the last film in the series "American Pie" released?
In what year did a micronation whose capital is Barringun, Queensland declare it's independence from Australia?
Thomas Emil Homerin) is an American scholar of religion who has published entries in a general knowledge English-language encyclopaedia whose last print edition spanned 32 volumes and had how many pages?
What upcoming film is based on a man who was awarded an Airman's Medal and a Purple Heart for his actions?
West Springfield is a suburb located on the west bank of a river that flows in which direction?
Are Roswell International Air Center and Pago Pago International Airport both located in the mainland US?
The former site of The New Frontier is currently owned by a company from which country?
When was the company, which Antonio Clarence Mobley produced for, founded?
What style of songs are Lana Del Rey's "Born to Die" and "Video Games"?
The Ski Club of Australia is part of which Australian National Park and Reserve?
Who is the current editor of the journal that where the state-universal coupled cluster (SUCC) method was first published?
Which of the following wrote "Where the Wild Things Are": Maurice Sendak or Henri Michaux?
What Brazilian racing driver died in an accident during the 48th season of FIA Formula One motor racing?
What year was the bass, vocals member of Four Lovers born?
What Belgian professional footballer was treated by Serbian traditional healer, Mariana Kovacevic?
What kind of aircraft are the Embraer E-Jet family and the EMbraer J-Jet E2 family?
Which singer has released more solo albums, Robb Flynn or Mike Score?
Which television series did the writer of "Business School" write for first, The Office or The Simpsons?
Fünf Minuten Amerika and Felix Salten both were creators of what media?
Who had a solo career, Paul Carrack of Charlotte Wessels?
In which year was this party created for which Annie Bell Robinson Devine was elected a state representative?
Which team that most recently played their home games in Central Broward Stadium did Jamaican footballer Shavar Thomas play for?
Sue Bennett College is located in what Kentucky county?
How many men were rescued in the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in October 1918?
How many people was the subject of the film "Life and Death of a Serial Killer" convicted and sentenced for murdering?
Who is older, Robert Lindstedt or Piet Norval?
Which battleship class had a lead ship that carried the first 14 in /45-caliber gun and was formed between 1908 and 1914?
Where did the serial killer that the novel The Spider and the Fly was based on die?
Who purchased the team Michael Schumacher raced for in the 1995 Monaco Grand Prix in 2000?
Which star from The Ghazi Attack won the State Nandi Award for Best Special Effects in 2006?
What prize was won by the American economist whose life story is included in those in Radicals for Capitalism?
How many destinations are served by the airline that Indian merged into on 26 February 2011?
Jon B. Perdue previously wrote for a channel commonly abbreviated to FNC - What was the full name of the channel?
What is the location of the site of the upper school founded by James Pilkington?
Were either The Creatures or Soundgarden formed in the 1990's?
Smoke Break was a song written by the singer-songwriter who received an Academy Award nomination for what 2011 song?
In what year was the microbiologist who first developed the MMR vaccine born?
Who has more novel to be remembered for, Henry Green or Richard Adams?
Who is likely to have represented and advanced Armenian music more, Art Laboe or Konstantin Orbelyan?
The city of Telmessos was called Telebehi by what Iron Age people?
Coatbridge is a town in a country that has how many Islands?
When was the Canadian band formed who's single/EP is "Looking Glass"?
What is the name of a kit violin and an opera?
Who is younger Paul Scholes or Legimin Raharjo?
Which composer is considered the founder of the Neapolitan school of opera: Gaetano Donizetti or Alessandro Scarlatti?
Are Shipping News and Gene both rock bands?
Were Rowland Brown and Threes Anna involved in film?
Which documentary premiered later, Game Face or The Trials of Henry Kissinger?
5 fold diffraction pattern symmetries were discovered in 1982 by dan shechtman when he discovered this phase which opened new field of study in quasiperiodic crystals?
What Columbia University professor proved the Earle-Hamilton fixed-point theorem with Clifford Earle in 1968?
Which film was created first, Fig Trees or Pond Hockey?
Which cast member played Kyle Reese and also played Pavel Chekov in three "Star Trek" films?
Are Big Hero 6 and Summer Magic both films?
The Gospel According to the Other Mary, which premiered in 2012 at the Walt Disney Concert Hall in Los Angeles was composed by whom?
The 2012 United States Senate election in Nevada ended in a narrow win for which incumbent Republican?
The US state in which Elijah Cutler Behunin Cabin was built is bordered by which state to the east?
What are the approvals to be taken to bury the bodies of several armed movemnts in ireland dedicated to Irish republicanism?
In what year did Matt Lucas star in Alice Through the Looking Glass?
In what hotel venue did Irina Antonenko compete for Miss Universe in 2010?
Which Russian actress won a prize for her role as Chief Detective Maria Shvetsova?
What is a tree that could have been featured in the Indian film Poovarasam Peepee?
Throughout her illustrious career, German chemist Lotte Loewe researched a variety of topics, from ascorbic acid reaction kinetics and uric acid to which organic pigments commonly made by plants, algae, bacteria and fungi?
Who sings lead vocals for the band who released the album, Of the Blue Color of the Sky?
What is the capital of the Indian state that includes the village of Bhando?
Which genus has more species Tetradium or Schlumbergera?
Wawa Welcome America is a celebration that takes place at what East Coast chain of stores?
When is the former American Football player and actor who starred in Avalanche Alley born?
Which canal is located in Nebraska, the Loup Canal or the Chenango Canal?
Manmohini Zutshi Sahgal was a member of a family that has traditionally led what republic?
The film "Intermezzo" was produced by a man that won an Academy Award for Best Picture for what 1939 film?
Union of the Democratic Forces opposed the general who created the entity known as the what republic?
Wu-Tang Forever serves as the follow up to the Wu-Tang Clan album released on what date?
Junction Boulevard Line extends into an airport that covers how many acres?
Who has directed more film, Alan James or Lucile Hadžihalilović?
The Independent School League includes Washington, D.C. and part of what states?
Guilermo Del Toro directed Doug Jones in a 1997 horror film based on whose short story?
What year did the Sampdoria home venue stadium open?
The Volkswagen New Compact Coupé uses how many distinct types of power to run?
Do both Scott Treleaven and Raoul Peck make films?
Yang Yun-ho, a South Korean film director, released a film in 2004, which was nominated for what in the following year?
What crime television show does actress Lauren Michael Holly from such films as Dumb and Dumber and Any Given Sunday star in?
What is the stage name of the lead member of the group that released Tragic Serenades?
What position was played by the man who, along with Emmanuel Petit, was purchased by Joan Gaspart using funds taken from the sale of Luis Figo?
Which city 10 miles south of downtown Minneapolis is home to a musician who wrote "Stand under None"?
Which band American alternative rock band originally from Houston, Texas, did Wideawake shared the stage with?
What TV show set in the fictional country town of Yoorana stars Hannah Monson?
Who is the the actor who stars in the 2005 film Slingshot that also is a member of the band Ringside?
What is the name of this high-speed banked oval that this motor racing circuit in Melbourne, Victoria, Australia, had where 2001 Calder Park V8 Supercar round took place?
When Violet Wegner became HRH Princess Pierre of Montenegro, who was her sister-in-law?
How many National Film Awards did the main actor in Awaargi win?
Which American artist's studios, known for New Mexico landscapes, is part of the National Trust for Historic Preservation?
What did the comedian who made Intimate Moments for a Sensual Evening win an emmy for?
Discover Cove is owned and operated by a family entertainment, amusement park, and attraction company that operates how many theme parks?
Attack!! is an album that included the keyboardist from which group from 1994-99?
What event are Kjellfred Weum and 110 metres hurdles both names synonymous with?
Lynn D. Stewart opened the first Hooters in what Florida county?
Which of Patrick McDonnell's works features Earl, a dog?
When was the magazine which has Lisa Pin-Up ranked number 54, launched as a mass-market print publication?
Are Stanka Gjurić and Stanley Kwan of the same nationality?
Was American Bellydancer or Dalai Lama Renaissance released first?
What was the population of the Kansas city affected by the Tornado outbreak of June 13, 1998?
Are Kangchenjunga and Trivor both mountains?
What type of aircraft did the Italian engineer Enrico Forlanini work on that was an aerostat?
How many miles away from Dallas is the village that the species depicted in the Pictish stone at Golspie originated from?
Who have more species of plants, Manettia or Guzmania?
Which news host and former baseball player is currently on virtual channel 5 in Atlanta?
Who has more letters in their middle name out of Margaret Laurence and Paul Heyse?
In which suburb of Brisbane is the Stadium that held the first game of the 1978–79 Gillette Cup?
Who played William Alexanders team in the rose bowl in 1929?
Toon Disney Scandinavia is owned by a company founded in what year?
What summit was to be attended by the representatives of 3% of the world's area, 21% of the world's population and 3.8% of the global economy, as of 2015?
Which show on Tiny TV aired on August 20, 2001?
Who is the editor of the scientific journal published by the Acoustical Society of America?
Which COO of MGM Resorts oversees operations at New York-New York Hotel and Casino located on the Las Vegas Strip?
What postal area located in Oakmont, Maryland name means "House of Mercy" in Arabic and "House of Kindness" in Hebrew?
The Microsoft Java Virtual Machine was first made available for a web browser released in what year?
What type of government position does and have in common?
Who was part of a band with a shorter name, Andrew Stockdale or Faye?
Which university is a public university, King Mongkut's Institute of Technology Ladkrabang or University at Buffalo?
Which 90s rock band has more recently reformed, Gene or The Afghan Whigs?
What actor in many Coen brothers films also appeared in a film directed by Tim Blake Nelson?
When did the man for whom Robert Carr was a favourite become King of Scotland?
What is the nationality of the geologist who declared Schoonmaker Reef significant?
Which American beer had been a sponser for the 1995-1996 season of the British Basketball League?
In what year did the voice actor of "Doc Hudson" in the animated film "Cars" die?
What is the main ingredient of the finishing material inside the Dymaxion deployment units?
PlazAmericas and Meyerland Plaza are located in which city?
What Canadian has produced a song with the Cast members of Nashville?
Which is older, Stevens Institute of Technology or Drexel University?
Where was a mission to study the dynamics of the region between 50 km and 100 km above the Earth's surface launched from on December 7, 2001?
Besides dolphins and killer whales, what other animals can be seen in Hauraki Gulf Marine Park?
Ahmad Kola is in a country with how many inhabitants?
Are both Tea Moderna and Moondance online magazines?
Who is older, Amy Mizzi or Isabel Lucas?
What countries do the genus Calamusu and Asperula both grow in?
Tobin Bo Gunnar Gerhart held the Stanford record for most rushing yards in a season until the record was broke by an American football running back holds the NCAA record for what?
When was the player who made his debut for the Los Angeles Rams against the New York Giants on November 11, 1990 born?
The 2010 Pentagon shooting was an attack upon the headquarters of which U.S. department?
What did this English writer and journalist write many books about, for whom Lucy Saunders wrote essays about in the collection "Beer Hunter, Whisky Chaser"?
How many square feet is the mall that is located near Harrelson Boulevard?
Which american singer's second album was released as a CD by Wounded Birds Records in 2005?
The Mercurial Vapor is a football boot endorsed by which Portuguese professional footballer who plays as a forward for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Portugal national team?
Which institute is this Indian theoretical physicist who contributed to studies of S-branes a visiting professor at?
What American animated series is composed by James L. Venable, garnering an Emmy nomination for Main Title Theme Music?
What Generation is the car that the Roewe is based on in?
George Ho Ho-chi's father was known as what?
In which country was the attack where Ali Awni al-Harzi was a suspect in 2012?
What actor has starred in both Harry Potter and Regression?
Zhongshan Road is notable as the commuting route of a former Chinese statesmen whose name is also romanized as what?
Do Kyle Schickner and Gene Saks share the same nationality?
What is larger, the number of employees that work for TD Securities or the number of ATMs owned by PNC Financial Services?
What role with their bands do both Brandon Flowers and Petri Lindroos hold?
Which is located outside the mainland US, Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport or Appleton International Airport?
Which clothing company that focuses on work clothes founded in 1889 has association with college bass fishing?
Which book inspired the film that contains Rob Thomas's 2007 single "Little Wonders"?
Which film was produced earlier, The Fighting Prince of Donegal or The Moon-Spinners?
Lochend Park is a public park located next to a castle that is protected under which category?
What blizzard was often compared to a storm referred to as the Great White Hurricane?
On what CBS sitcom did the By the Book producer appear?
Which of these was known as the Bear Stearns building at one point, Central Park Place or 245 Park Avenue?
What title that is currently only given in conjunction with that of Prince of Wales is also the namesake of one of the neo-classical terraces in Regent's Park, London?
Emerson Etem was originally selected in the first round of the 1010 NHL Entry Draft by a team based in which US state?
By what margin did the Supreme Court explicitly overrule Baker v. Nelson in 2016?
The Birdcage featured what American actor and screenwriter who was born in 1967 in a supporting role?
In what state is the retailer of which the lingerie line Pink is a subsidiary based?
Between Norman Lindsay and Rohinton Mistry, who was born earlier?
Are Johnette Napolitano and Andi Deris both singers?
What Sharia-Compliant airline is the national flag carrier of Brunei Darussalam?
The 1981 NFL season was the 62nd regular season of the National Football League, that ended with a game between the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football Conference and what winner of the American Football Conference?
What purpose does the former country house, north east of Mottram St. Andrew now serve?
What political party stopped the construction of the Thames Gateway Bridge?
What did Sisomphone Vongpharkdy do at the 2000 Summer Olympics opening ceremony as mandated by the Olympic Charter?
What band is Mahalia Barnes's father a part of?
What is the name of Ghanaian-born British actor, who has appears in the film "Highlander", and also appears in the 38th episode of 'Holby City' as consultant Ric Griffin?
We the People Amendment was introduced by the member of what Minnesota political party?
Are the following plants members of the different families: Nerium and Mitchella?
What is the lowest note of Albert Lim's standard range?
The song "Breaking Free" is sung by Drew Seeley, Zac Efron, and an actress that made her film debut in what movie?
How many award did Audra McDonald win like the award she won for Master Class?
What is the name of the drawing inspired by the Roman author who detailed descriptions of the laconcium?
Which city did the writer of Enion spend most of his life?
Hayley Williams and Fastball both perform what type of music?
What is the county that the 2014 Baylor Bears football team played in?
Where is the team that Ibou Touray plays for located?
Which of these two documentary films was featured at the 1996 Sundance Film Festival, Sicko or Looking for Richard?
Which chain was founded first, Blaze Pizza or Marion's Piazza?
What nationality by birth is Prince Faisal bin Hussein's mother?
Between The House of Love and 1990s, which band was considered to be an alternative rock band?
María Victoria Losada Gómez's team made it to what semifinals in 1997?
What 1959 American thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock was used as the model for "The Bugs Bunny Mystery Special"?
Which band was formed first, "Deerhunter" or "Parabelle"?
The prince who works with David Manning and The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge is in what succession to the British throne?
Q1:What is another name for THE Three Caesars' Alliance. Q2:Austria-Hungary and Russia and Germany were called what when they became a Alliance?
Bess Armstrong appeared in a 1983 thriller film that was directed by Joe Alves and also stars Dennis Quaid, Lea Thompson, and who?
In the film based on the short story "All You Zombies" what character was played by Rob Jenkins?
Who prepared for an invasion by a king who had Earl Skule Bårdsson as a rival?
Which Footsteps singer had a wife that won numerous awards, including a Grammy and am Emmy?
What is the name of the partner of the american engineer and inventor born January 30,1925?
Who founded the tire company who was used by Saab in the 1993 Barber Saab Pro Series?
Who is a former member of a Afghan party established in 1965?
Who is the male star of the film that closed The 27th Toronto International Film Festival?
What six season television series first aired in October 2005?
Young Earth creationism, believed by Andrew A. Snelling, holds that the universe, Earth, and all life on Earth were created by who?
What is the name of the Vietnamese beer that the Vietnam's leading beer producer make and whose name was changed by the communist government?
Karamdaata was a Hindi-language Indian film starring which actor who also won a Filmfare award in 1968 for best performance in “Brahmachari”?
What is the name and type of instrument popularized by the composer of Rag Shankara, Rag Mala in Jogia?
Mark Wahlberg starred in a thriller about what event in American history?
How many conflicts were the wars of which Thomas James Maling was a captain categorized?
In what month was the current head coach of the Oklahoma Sooners born?
What was the last year that Julia Haworth played as the nanny of Joshua?
Was it Bearno's Pizza or Aurelio's Pizza that has locations in 6 different states?
Which of the following directors, Sun Yu and Charles Hutchison, was born first?
The writer of the music for the tv series "The Eddy" is the founder of what production company?
Women from Yongduuni are known for production of a fat that is extracted from which tree?
What film series did Hillary Wolf and Macaulay Culkin both feature in?
The Amargosa tryonia is located in an intermittent waterway how many miles long?
Paul Bocuse prepared food for which British-French turbojet-powered supersonic passenger jet airliner?
Instituto Militar de Engenharia and Tennessee Technological University both have degrees in what?
In the 10th Century A.D. Ealhswith had a son called Æthelweard by which English king?
Which band is from a country closer to France, Superdrag or Shed Seven?
Are Diane Wilkins and Leos Carax both filmmakers?
Which director was nominated for more Academy Awards, Lee Tit or Sidney Lumet?
Which of the movies for which Sherman Brothers wrote a music was produced by Walt Disney?
DeSoto County is located in a metropolitan area that had how many inhabitants in 2010?
The star of "From Paris with Love" was in an advertisement campaign for which fragrance brand?
The company that markets Polysilicone-15 as Parsol SLX is headquartered where?
When was the release date of the American fantasy comedy family film that was directed and wrote by Sven Davison and David Dobkin?
The album Powerage was the first time to feature a bassist born in which year?
What female boxer from the U.S. Virgin Islands was also in the Hall of Fame and fought Joey Archer?
Which album released in 1996 is featured in Streets is Watching?
In which university stadium the Golden Gophers played their home games?
Thursday Night Baseball includes a play-by-play announcer who has been on NBC Sports since what time period?
The former owner of Fulham F.C. started a film production company in what decade?
Which man worked more jobs in his lifetime, Charles Reisner or Herbert Ross?
What type of film was Luc Besson's film (2017) in which Dane William DeHaan had title character?
Jacob Rees-Mogg is a British Politician born in 1969, who was his grandfather?
The Bathurst 1000 motor race is held annually in which month?
What job titles has the producer for the reality television programme Holiday Showdown held?
Which county met by Nungessers was named for a sea captain?
Jim Sheridan is a director who created the sports-drama film released in what year?
Elmer Tiling Cunningham an American entrepreneur was in direct violation by infringing on patents of a British electrical engineer known for inventing the first what?
What is the population of the city at which Belltable Arts Centre is located?
Are both Charles Palliser and Tom Stoppard internationally known?
J. William Lloyd based his anarchism upon natural law, unlike which proponent of American individualist anarchism?
Ibn al-Sal'us was the chief financial adviser for the sultanate that spanned which realm?
Which filmmaker focused on a more eastern global region, Tomás Gutiérrez Alea or Fruit Chan?
Are The Makropulos Affair and From the House of the Dead both written by Leoš Janáček?
Jenifer Benítez Benítez was born in a city that is the capital of which island?
The composer of A Survivor from Warsaw emigrated to the United States in what year?
What type of media does Tar Creek and Before Stonewall have in common?
Five Golden Hours starred an American dancer and actress who had what birth name?
SYZ conjecture was proposed partly by which Fields Medal recipient?
Between two documentary films Best Friend Forgotten and Mad Hot Ballroom, which film was released earlier?
Old Rectory is in a small town and civil parish where?
Who does the 2015 Hockey East Men's Ice Hockey Tournament MVP currently play for?
Dodge Durango and Dodge Dakota both featured a?
María Eugenia Bielsa is the sister of the football manager in charge of what team?
The 1985 European Grand Prix was held in which town?
A third campusof Sekolah HighScope Indonesia used to be how far from a large shopping complex located in the wealthy Pondok Indah suburb of South Jakarta?
Placide Cappeau was the author of "O Holy Night" which was set to music by what French composer and music critic?
LDC Watch, the alliance of organization based in Leas Developed Countried is based where?
The Fairly OddParents included crossover episodes that premiered between which years?
In which county of Montana is the Historic St. Mary's Mission located?
Under Matinee Entertainments a film was produced with cinematography by who?
Which was released earlier, "Phobia" by Breaking Benjaming or "Diary" by Sunny Day Real Estate?
What was the calibre of the controversial rifle invented by Sir Charles Henry Augustus Frederick Lockhart Ross?
What city is the team, which Ruth Hamblin currently plays, based out of?
Lymecycline is marketed by the company that became a subsidiary of what multinational in 2014?
Which retired Spanish professional footballer is currently the co-assistant coach of Manchester City, alongside an English football coach and former player?
Controlla was recorded for what studio album that was the fourth by Drake, and was released on April 29, 2016 by Young Money Entertainment?
Are both "The BFG" and "Oliver Twist" fictional characters that involve orphan children?
Which genre of Italian film was the first to use CGI?
What profession does The Hot Desk and Laura Whitmore have in common?
Both American Foxhound and Greyhound resembles which animal?
Jolo, West Virginia is the home to what renowned snake handling church?
The coach of the team that played its games in Beaver Stadium in 1994 lost his job over what issue?
What president pro tempore of the US state senate once spoke as a guest host for the Institute of Education?
Which band was formed first, Let's Active or The Jesus and Mary Chain?
Which year was the 49th NHL Entry Draft where Emil Molin selected by the Dallas Stars in the 4th round?
Ullensaker Church is southeast of what international airport?
How many residents are there in the State in which Brush Creek is located?
Which star of The Man Who Knew Too Much was an American actor and military officer?
Which form of intercourse that involves the insertion and thrusting of the erect penis into a person's anus is included in the Measure B law?
Which English songwriter was on the judging panel of a 2013 competitive dancing talent show?
What show is Gorgi Coghlan a co-host of that is produced by a company other than Roving Enterprises?
Where is the company that originally manufactured 100% Bran headquartered?
Carl Akeley contributed photos to the museum located in the Upper West Side of which city?
EverTrust Bank is headquartered in which major regional shopping center in the City of Industry, California?
What nationality is the founder of the group Reindeer Section?
Which star of the film Tamango was nominated for a Gold Globe Award in 1959?
Of the two films, Coraline or Summer Wars, which was written by Henry Selick?
What school was attended by a teammate of someone drafted by the Chicago Bears?
Kerry S. Walters is a professor at the private liberal arts college in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania in what field?
Who was born on August 26 1968 and has won the British National Hii Climb Championship, along with many other races?
What was the nickname of the winner of the Men's Singles title during the 1998 Wimbledon Championships?
Are Tampa International Airport and King Salmon Airport both located in the U?
The Rotor is an amusement park ride that first demonstrated during a festival held in what city?
When was the album, which contained the song "Look What You Made Me Do," released?
Which band is from Berkeley, California, White Zombie or Counting Crows?
Are Northwestern University and University of Florida in the same country?
In which Maine county is Fort Pownall located?
Richard Cumberland wrote plays that involved a process called what?
Sinan Bytyqi plays for a club represented at what level?
Slaves consists of a lead vocalist formerly of what post hardcore band?
Which monument in Oberndorf bei Salzburg is dedicated to a Christmas carol that Franz Xaver Gruber is best known for composing?
What type of music do Freddie Hart and Earl Poole Ball both write?
Are both the Aglaonema and Alstonia genus of plants evergreen?
In which movie in 1983 did this American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter who appeared in "Glengarry Glen Ross" (1992) and "Paris Trout" (1991) star?
Where does the river on which the United States' largest reservoir is located originate?
Which person born on March 23, 1902 did George Roby Dempster have political battles with?
Are Glenn Cooper and Roger Zelazny both writers?
What actress has roles in both The King of Blaze, The Warring States, and The Great Wall?
Both Netto Marken-Discount and the supermarket corporation holding a market share of 26 percent are in what country?
What provinces comprise the area where the 1944 San Juan earthquake took place?
Are Monte Hellman and John G. Blystone both american writers?
Are Anaïs Lameche and Alex Turner both in the same line of work?
What was the 2010 population of the town attacked by John W. Reid in August 1856?
What actor in the movie Chocolat is the grandson of Charlie Chaplin?
What was the name of the Infantry that was commanded by a Senator who was know as Jim Lane?
What date did the American actress and singer-songwriter, known for her role as Peggy Bundy, release her first album?
Which author Toni Lopopolo helped publicize continues to be referenced in the "Guinness World Records" for the most novels published in a single year in 1976?
What is the full name of one of the double agents who met Russian handlers at St Ermin's Hotel in London?
What is the birthdate of this American actor, model, and director, who played on "Lost" and was honored with a Genesis Award?
EqualityMaine was founded after the death that took place in what Maine city?
What film director lived longer, Bernhard Wicki or Vladimir Danilevich?
Who starred in the last film by Jed Johnson's lover?
Ursa Minor is one of the constellations based upon what?
The Four Winds hat is worn by people who live in what three countries?
What cornerback was re-acquired by the 2015 New York Jets along with a cornerback who had also played for the Arizona Cardinals, New York Jets and Indianapolis Colts?
Who did the U.S. Representative for New York 's 19 congressional district since January 3, 2017 run against in the 2002 New York Comptroller election?
Johan Björnsson Printz was the governor of a colony that was establoshed during what war?
Eric McCormack from the TV series Perception and Will & Grace also appears in which sci-fi series?
Which is found in Japan, Emmenopterys or Nipponanthemum?
Which 2001 French romantic comedy film starred Mathieu Kassovitz as Nino Quincampoix?
Groups like the Kanatsiohareke call North America what other name?
What item of acievement does Sweden men's national inline hockey team and Henrik Lundqvist have in common?
Sam Pinkelton has worked on choreographing several musicals including which 2017 musical based on a 2001 romantic comedy film?
Are K6 and Trivor on different continents?
Which country entered an armistice in 1943 with the Balkan country which Hermann Neubacher served as a foreign ministry official of?
Billy The Rabbit was release by an author from what country?
Gerald Davis was defeated by the independent candidate in 2010 from what Cumberland County town?
Which building is still under construction, 30 Hudson Yards or the New York World Building?
Which former tennis player is Australian, Geoff Masters or Eugenia Maniokova?
Tony Schiavone and Jim Ross are both known as play-by-play commentators for what sport?
What is the birthplace of the narrator of Sex in a Cold Climate?
What is the name of the Thai footballer who has been described as the Thai version of the first team coach at Queens Park Rangers?
In biographical films, Angela Bassett has played Rosa Parks and which singer?
Who is the head coach, whom was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame, that led the 2004–05 Kansas Jayhawks men's basketball team?
Who directed the 2003 steampunk-dieselpunk film Robert Vahey appeared in?
What's the fastest time (in seconds) that racers complete the race that Gary Scelzi won three times?
Which plant has more species, Microcachrys or Dichroa?
Who has won an Academy award, Angelina Jolie Pitt, or Genndy Tartakovsky?
What computer was developed first, the Matra or the Orao?
Gerard Way and Mickey Thomas both share what musical title?
Who was born in February of 1997 and starred in the 2012 movie "Dark Shadows"?
Rebel Without Claws was directed by an animator born in which year?
What Moonrunners father co-wrote the theme song to Thunder Road?
Only the Brave is a movie about a unit in what branch of the military?
Are both Jerome Robbins and K-Michel Parandi an American filmmaker?
Treenailed boats were use used by viking in which centuries?
Steve Cardenas played which character in the move "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie"?
Sugarloaf Regional Airport serves what town in Maine?
Which of these filmmakers is younger? Géza von Cziffra or John Sayles?
Which luxery Las Vegas resort, located at the northeast corner of Las Vegas Boulevard and Sands Avenue, does Sean Christie act as managing partner of a restaurant?
Which red wine variety made in Nistreana is increasingly celebrated as an Argentine varietal wine?
Which state is the water coaster Crush 'N' Gusher located in?
Which space flight carrying the first American to orbit the Earth was launched by T.J. O'Malley?
The Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode belongs to which group of institutes initiated by Jawaharlal Nehru,?
Where was the magazine for which Slash Coleman was a personal perspectives blogger published?
What multi-purpose arena in Southaven, Mississippi is the home of the Memphis Hustle and the Mississippi RiverKings?
Which documentary film has a longer running time, The Bomb or Cancer?
Who is older, Marion Bartoli or Philipp Petzschner?
Are both Un re in ascolto and Ariadne auf Naxos operas by Richard Strauss?
Where was one of the founder's of Gruppe Olten's novella first published in English?
Kansas City Bomber was produced by what American media company?
Which director lived to an older age, Albert Ray or Perry Henzell?
Who is the producer of the film which released on June 4, 2010 and Jake Johnson has an appearance in that film?
What athletic devision do both the Miami Hurricanes and the Oklahoma Sooners belong to?
What company did both Chavo Guerrero Sr, and Chavo Guerrero Jr work for?
Jeon Do-yeon starred in Lee Chang-dong's South Korean drama film from what year?
Do Cherie Currie and Alex Désert share the same nationality?
What country of origin does Gas Huffer and Blind Melon have in common?
Not including Neidpath, who owned the other castle that Sir Simon Fraser had for most of its existence?
What was the population at the 2010 census of the incorporated village all of which is served by the East Williston Union Free School District?
Boys to Manzo stars the sons of which star of The Real Housewives of New Jersey?
The tomb of Ferdowsi example of Achaemenid architecture, a style from which culture?
What is the name of a movie that is a Japanese replica of a 1967 French drama?
Günter Reich interpreted the works of Schoenberg with which French composer?
Lyn Breur was speaker of the South Australian House of Assembly for a man who served as Australia's permanent representative to what organization from 2014 through 2016?
Lynn DeCoitte was appointed by which American politician who is the eighth and current Governor of Hawaii, in office since 2014?
St. Mary's Ukrainian Catholic Church is located in a country that covers five-eighths of what?
Incendiary: The Willingham Case explores the conviction and execution of what American man who was convicted and executed for the murder of his three young children by arson, on December 23, 1991?
Who has directed more films, Manish Gupta or Peter Schamoni?
Which film director known as Benny Boom is known for directing the 2017 American drama film about Tupac Shakur, All Eyez on Me?
Are both Edward L. Cahn and Saeed Rizvi film directors?
What football position did the manager of Tianjin Quanjian previously hold?
Aubrey Plaza's character in the FX series "Legion" is connected to which film series?
Randy Jackson has been inducted into both the Louisiana Music Hall of Fame and Long Island Music Hall of Fame. Where is the Long Island Music Hall of Fame located?
Who is the Vice President for Intercollegiate Athletics Programs and Director of Athletics for the University that calls themselves the "Sooners"?
Which occupations do Constance Tillotson and Quentin Tarantino have in common?
How many copies did the best selling album by Sepultura sell?
Who was born later. Saul Bellow or Siegfried Sassoon?
Which was founded first University of Toronto and University of Salento?
Which band has six consecutive number one albums, Army of Anyone or Dave Matthews Band?
What nationality does the person with a notable victory over "The Chief" have?
Plain and Fancy had music written by which German-American composer?
What country is the actress who starred in the 1976 biographical film about Bruce Lee's final days from?
Who is older, Adam Levine or Leigh Nash?
Where did the the musician who played a combination of fiddle and plucked string instruments retire?
What band's drummer assembled the compilation A New Wave of Brith Heavy Metal '79 Revisited?
What passenger trade route is serviced by Edmonds and runs parallel to the Cascade mountain range?
Are Rocky Shades and Coko both from the United States?
Which Walt Disney film was produced first, "So Dear to My Heart" or "The Jungle Book"?
Who is more popular among Martin Flavin and William March?
In what country was both Enrique Maximiliano Meza born and Querétaro F.C. based??
Who did Our Lady of Guadalupe appear to prompting the Basilica of Our Lady of Guadalupe to be built on the top of Tepeyac?
Who played the main characters in Tomas Alfredson's 2008 vampire film?
Which two units of government jointly share a ministerial position formerly held by the conservative MP from Hemel Hempstead?
What Satanic band had a lyrical theme featuring the mass murderer with the birth surname of Maddox?
The star of In Secret who also appeared in Inside Llewyn Davis was born in what year?
Yunus-bek Yevkurov was appointed the head of the southern Russian republic of Ingushetia by a president that served during what years?
This English comedian wrote the British sitcom "Absolutely Fabulous"?
Which genus has more known species, Chaenomeles or Daphne?
In what film did Rufus Sewell appear in before he appeared in Helen of Troy?
What was the 2004 novel-turned-film adaptation that Freddie Highmore starred in?
WRBJ-FM is licensed to a city in what Mississippi county?
Ora Blanchard House, is located in what village that is part of Eustis, Maine?
Where did Gabrielle Union film her scenes for the movie, 10 Things I Hate About You?
What type of products did Johannes Torpe help design at a company during 2011-2015?
The Mazda F platform was used in a sports car design in 1978 with which Engine?
Who was ranked World No. 1 in double first, Robert Seguso or Tom Okker?
What is the name of this King of England, born in June 1239, in which the Prioress swore fealty to him, after his foray in Scotland in 1296?
What album features the song "Somebody's Me", by the singer known as the King of Latin Pop?
When was the English reality television judge who acquired the right to The X Factor born?
Chiemsee Cauldron is decorated in a way that is reminiscent of which cauldron thought to date between 200 BC - 300 AD?
Does Lionel Friedberg and Peter Duffell direct the same kind of films?
What 1930 film based on a Broadway musical comedy starred a five time nominee for the Academy Award for Best Actress?
What is the population of the Borough to which Millom Without belongs?
Which airport is located closer to the equator, Greater Rochester International Airport or Flagstaff Pulliam Airport?
What military award did the solider who the USS Basilone was named after recieve posthumously?
Chris Wilson attended University in what state and what Fraternity is he a member of?
What was Argues fathers name in Roman mythology?
Ravindra Kumar Ray won the general election as a candidate to the country's largest political party in terms of representation in the national parliament and state assemblies known as?
Who was born first Neil Hennessy or Selena Gomez?
South Channel Fort is located 6 km north-east of a town on the shores of what port?
Gustav Mahler composed a beautiful piece performed by the Bach-Elgar Choir. What is the name of that piece??
Kyle Moran was born in the town on what river?
The Snake River is a tributary of which river on which Richland stands?
Dissident Irish Republican campaign includes which paramilitary group that began attacks around 2009?
Which band is this American drummer currently member of, whom Annihilator's album "All for You" featured for the second time?
After whom was the defence installation of which, Ouvrage Le Lavoir is a part named?
Which architect that designed 8 House was born on 2 October 1974?
Which author wrote a memoir called "Hillbilly Elegy", which was on "The New York Times" Best Seller list in 2016 and 2017?
Ocean's Kingdom is a ballet choreographed by a Danish Danseur who since 1990 has bore what?
What is the nickname of Gairy St. Clair's hometown?
The Great State of Maine Air Show was run for a number of years by a military airport that reopened as what?
Which founder and retired chief executive of The Vanguard Group was hired by Walter L. Morgan in 1951 and became his heir at his company?
"The Boy Next Door" is a popular song in a musical film about what family?
What years were the saint from a state in Western India, south of Rajasthan, alive?
Where is the base of a corporation that has a presence in Bomen, New South Wales?
Where was the host of Man, Moment, Machine born?
Are both genera Smyrnium and Jaborosa of the family of similar flower plants?
What French hard rock metal band dedicated a studio disc to an Australian singer and songwriter born 9 July 1946?
Blood Link starred which actor and musician, known for his role on Law and Order?
What NCAA Division II conference featured former NFL and CFL star SHadrick McAfee?
What is the king of this ancient nation, in which the people worshiped Imentet as a goddess representing the necropolises west of the Nile, called?
The current holder of Ligue 1 Young Player of the Year plays for what Spanish football club?
Who was the composer of the 2011 British-American 3D computer-animated fantasy romantic comedy family film loosely based on William Shakespeare's play "Romeo and Juliet"?
What helmet typically associated with the Prussian Army was replaced by a steel helmet during World War I?
When was the performer of the song "Lil Ghetto Boy"?
The German 4th Panzer Army participated in what operation in November 1942?
When was Ajit Sharma's daughter born?
What star of the film Vanadevatha won the Odakkuzhal Award?
What was the code name for this Allied operation in WWII, also known as D-Day?
When did the Democratic senator in the United States vice-presidential debate of 1976 run for presidential election?
What field of work do both Gerhard Thiele and Léopold Eyharts have in common?
Dohonna Malik Scott holds notable wins over a boxer that has been challenged twice by who?
What is the name of the league that celebrated its 87th season, in which Club Deportivo Leganés participated in?
What episode number is this episode of The Simpsons in the seventh season, ariring May 19, 1996, in which Shinin' On was the title song?
The home ground stadium for FC Copenhagen hosted a crowd of how many during the 2010 Danish Cup Final?
Finnish Spitz and Irish Setter are breeds of what type of animal?
St. Charles Borromeo Church is located on which Native American tribe's land?
In between Built to Spill and Zvuki Mu, which one is Russian?
A Brilliant Genocide was written about a revolution started by which resistance leader?
Who were the other two people of the trial that John Port was involved in besides the second wife of King Henry VIII?
Do both Brian Molko and Tony Harnell have connections to the music industry?
Are Boy George and Florence Welch both from England?
Based on their current home, is The Fray or OK Go based further west?
Corbin Bleu starred in the Disney Channel Original Movie "Jump In" in what year?
Aggregate Industries is a member of the company that has a presence in how many countries?
The Boca Grande Bike Path is a 6.5 mile multi-use path in a residential community that is part of which Statistical Area?
Are both the Amsonia and the Syagrus genius found in North America?
The 2012–13 Coppin State Eagles men's basketball team represented a college located in what US city?
What year was service founded which the The Italian Meteorological Service is part of?
What Barbadian singer supported her third studio album tour at the Manchester Arena in Manchester, United Kingdom held on December 6, 2007?
Which musican is part of the band Memphis May Fire, Matty Mullins or Steve Winwood?
Who is older, Micky Dolenz or Raul Malo?
What is the investment cost of the center soon to be located in Jackson Park?
Are Columbia University and Cornell University both private institutions?
What school district is the fourth most populous city in Colorado located in?
Do the dog breeds Patterdale Terrier and Shikoku both originate in Japan?
Are Archie Mayo and Pierre Morel both film director and cinematographers?
Has David Ignatow written as many books as Astrid Lindgren?
In 2016, what honor was bestowed posthumously to Kenneth Stabler in Canton, Ohio?
Are Béla Bartók and Hector Berlioz both composers?
Where is the town that Claudia Testoni was born in located?
Ghassan Shakaa was appointed to the mayoral position by which political leader?
Ross Matthews and Carson Kressley filled the space on "RuPaul's Drag Race" previously occupied by which fashion designer who appears on "Project Runway"?
Which was developed in Asia, Kanni or French Spaniel?
In between Junction Canal and California Aqueduct which one was last used in 1871, and was then abandoned?
What position does Shakira's boyfriend play?
What actress starred in Gladiator and a movie with Shia LaBeouf?
When was the album that contained the song "Gold Dust Woman" released?
What vocalist born in 1969 helped release the debut album "Dropbox"?
Angelique Kerber and Hana Mandlíková are both what?
Orchard Estates is located within a county in New Jersey with a population of what in 2016?
How many baseball seasons did this American former professional baseball catcher of New York Mets and Los Angeles Dodgers play, for whom the American artist Tom Tsuchiya was commissioned to produce the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum plaque bas-reliefs?
What was destroyed in St. Patrick's Parish on July 30, 1916?
The Rose Bowl, a United States National Historic Landmark, and the 11th largest NCAA stadium hosted which game that ended the NCAA Division 1 FBS 2013-14 season?
What was the name given to the Real Madrid football team that was inspired by the best selling song single of the 1960's in the United Kingdom?
Pro Bowl quarterback "Slash", played in which 1993 post-season college football bowl?
Of the world-renowned sports personalities in the European football world, which one received the FIFA Golden Ball in 1994?
Who does the double-agent of Hogwarts's headmaster love?
Oleg Moiseyevich Kagan collaborated with which Soviet pianist who died August 1, 1997?
Which cast member on Catherine The Great is both a Russian actress and a model?
The Magne Charge system was produced by a General Motors subsidiary based in what Indiana town?
Which documentary was created first, Murderball or Year at Danger?
Mary and Max and Fantastic Mr. Fox are what kind of movie?
Where has the Rusty Nail's primary ingredient, Drambuie, been produced since 2010?
Which League One football club in did Albert Broome play for?
Who was born first out of Tian Zhuangzhuang and Anthony Mann?
Alina Azapocznikow was imprisoned in Auschwitz, and what Nazi concentration camp in what is today Lower Saxony in northern Germany, southwest of the town of Bergen near Celle?
Vince Velasquez made his MLB debut with a team that plays their home games at what park?
The album Wildflower, which includes the song Always on Your Side, is one of ten albums released by which American singer?
What is the name of the show on Netflix produced by the company A Little Stranger?
In what year did the coach of the 2014 Central Arkansas Bears football team with a NCAA Division II championship as a player?
What French mathematician, whose father was a tax collector in Rouen, did Oleg Khoma do research on?
Robert Reimann attended the Officer Candidate School in what city that was once homeport for Cruiser Destroyer Force Atlantic (COMCRUDESLANT)?
What award was won by the English actor who starred in the film for which the song "Love Theme from Romeo and Juliet" was written?
Where is the band, Anamanaguchi from?
When did the cartographer, that the Américo Vespucio Avenue is named after, die?
During what year did the man portrayed by Randeep Hooda commit two attacks killing 14 people?
What industry did cargo ships converted for hauling slaves and Sydenham Teast have in common?
What year was Sara Alstrom's sister born?
Due to company problems Mudial de Futbol was released after what date?
In which century was football introduced to this region represented by FC Espanya de Barcelona?
What direction does the interstate run that Interstate 575 branches off of?
Piscataway is a city in which peninsula?
The Airport Transit System (ATS) is an automated people mover system at Chicago O'Hare International Airport that was built by Mécanique Aviation Traction and began its operation when?
Louis Ferrante spoke at the 2011 gathering in New York City hosted by the newspaper owned by whom?
Is Red Lodge Mountain northeast or northwest of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem?
What was the last hit at the stadium previously known as Navin Field?
The British subculture Lad culture involves this consumption of which kind of beverages, that nearly every civilization independently discovered recipes for?
Home to the Prorophora halothamni, name how many provinces this county is comprised of?
Are Istanbul Railway Museum and Çırağan Palace both hotels'?
Where is the brewery that initially introduced Brisbane Bitter based?
Nathan Chapman produced Taylor Swift's first five albums; what was the third one from 2010 called?
What role did Ed Roland and Adam Duritz perform in their respective bands, Collective Soul and Counting Crows?
What is one word that describes the main subject of the 2003 Canadian film Owning Mahowny?
What role could Christian Daniel Claus have had during the Revolution?
How many residents are there in the city that the band "The Shadows of Knight" are from?
Which French video game publisher, published the war-theme real-time strategy game "Conflict Zone"?
The 2008 Denver Broncos Season was the 25th under the ownership of a man who stepped down in 2014 due to what disease?
What county did Neil E. Tillotson live in at the time of his death?
When was one of the stars of the English voice-cast of Kung Fu Magoo born?
Urban Legends: Final Cut stars a Canadian actor who appeared in what 1990 film?
What is the name of the American singer of popular music who also has the album called Gold?
Who is older, Terry Shea or Josh Freeman.?
What year was the man disqualified from the 1990 FIA European Formula Three Cup born?
Who has been in more bands, Babyface or Craig Mabbitt?
Which company produces the beer which was advertised in a series of television commercials featuring the American actor Scott Martin Brooks?
What is the name of the character played by Sterling Knight in the American sitcom the follows the lives of characters Mel, Joe, Taylor and Nick?
Are Hemigraphis and Alternanthera plants in the family Acanthaceae?
Were Winter Soldier and Fahrenheit 9/11 about the same country's wars?
When was the American former schoolteacher born who is a subject in a true crime book of Gregg Olsen?
Do Sinningia or Elodea have more species?
Ranked the 129th richest family in the United States, where has their son served as the co-chief executive officer of?
Like the Baltoro Kangri, K12 is present in what range of mountains?
How was the man investigated by Keith Beauchamp killed?
What sport does David Toews and Jonathan Toews have in common?
How many terms did the politician, who drafted the Plan de la Noria, serve as President of Mexico?
The Old Man of Coniston is a fell to the west of a lake that has a maximum depth of how many feet?
Which place in order of released studio albums by Paul McCartney was the song "Fine Line" released?
Samuel P. Cox killed somebody on what day in the Battle of Albany?
Who was once the Commanding General for the United States Forces - Iraq who was also nominated by Barack Obama to lead the U.S. Central Command?
Did Down and Out in America or Lost in La Mancha win more awards?
Name the country which adopted the Union jack as the semi-official status?
What is the beginning date of this inaugural season of a new FIA Champoinship for electrically powered cars, in which the Buenos Aires ePrix was first raced?
What is another name for Island Trees, New York?
What is the capital city's population of the Brazilian state in which Redinha beach is located?
The Root–Takahira Agreement involved the lawyer who served as Secretary of State under which President?
Who was the director of the movie of 2006 in which the song "Make You Mine" was the title music?
During the 1998–99 Portland Trail Blazers season, he Blazers signed which free agent who was born November 15, 1967?
Who was the publisher of the Gender Gap Report in which Kuwait was ranked first among Arab countries in 2014 and 2015?
Captain D'Agoust was an officer of the group of Swiss soldiers what have served as guards at European courts since when?
The composer who created the symphony Tevot was born in what year?
Salla Tira is a mountain in the range that runs along what continent?
What team did the man, that was traded from the team that won the 2001 Commissioner's Historic Achievement Award, finish his career at?
Who is an English comedian that was also involved in High Heels and Low Life's?
The Logie Awards of 1998 featured guests including one of the stars of what popular NBC sitcom?
Where did the runner up in the Arizona Democratic primary of 2004 graduate college from?
Who was the winning coach in the 2009 Big 12 Championship Game?
Huntington Mall is an enclosed shopping mall with one anchor space currently being renovated for an American chain of discount home furnishing stores which is based where?
When Francesco Totti retired from his midfield role at AS Roma, who replaced him as club captain?
When was the American actor and filmmaker born who had supporting performances in Lincoln and "The Fugitive"?
When was the school that John O. Schwenn worked at established?
Michael Harvey, Jr was a member of a grime and hip hop group that originated from where?
Jonas von der Burg worked with which artist who's debut studio album is titled "Before the Storm"?
What date did the 25th episode of the sixth season of the American animated television, in which Tito Puente is a guest-star, originally air?
Erich Raeder and Karl Dönitz both reached what rank in the German Navy?
Is Yehuda Amichai or Heinrich Mann from further north?
Of the two flowering plants Eriogonum and Ascocenda, is one natural and the other man-made?
What South Korean musician starred in Orange Marmalade?
Who is the co lead vocals for Fitz and the Tantrums who also collaborated with the Black Eyed Peas?
The actor that won the BAFTA for Best Actor in a Leading Role for his performance in "Billy Elliot" also starred with Devon Alan and Dermot Mulroney in what 2004 film?
Inferno had an adaptation released directed by who?
What district in the NG postcode area is located approximately 3 mi south-east of Nottingham?
Are Steve Jones and Eric Clapton American?
UFC Fight Night: Namajunas vs. VanZant was held in what county?
Elinor "Ellie" Walker was a fictional character on the sitcom airing on which network?
In a monthly period, did Real Simple or Australian Woman's Mirror come out more often?
Shakur Stevenson won a silver medal at the Olympics in what country?
Which Ugandan political leader was responsible for the murder of Erinayo Wilson Oryema?
The General's Daughter starred what actor who also played in "Wild Hogs" and "Pulp Fiction"?
How was the album which contained the song "Better Man" released?
Which cast member of "A Very Murray Christmas" is known for his frequent collaborations with Wes Anderson?
What was the name of the song sung by a Brazilian musician that won Tony Maserati an award?
Which city is home to both the Tata Archery Academy and the JDR Tata Sports Complex?
From the radio series "Archie Andrews", who is Archie Andrews' frenenmy?
What South African born actor that died in 1967 starred in A Lady Surrenders?
What was the 2015 population of the city where Straight Street Bridge is?
The Halloween H20: 20 years later starring Jamie Lee Curtis starred in what 1989 film?
Which band, X or The Cranberries, was formed first?
Which mall, larger than Westwood Square Mall, is located in Brampton, Ontario, Canada?
Who is a star in the 2016 American science fiction film directed by Morten Tyldum, which had Guy Hendrix Dyas as a designer?
Corey Chorus was a writer of the song that was from what 5th Rihanna studio album?
The Treehouse of Horror XXIV aired on the 25th season of The Simpsons, which began September 29, 2013, and ended on which date?
How many songs were on the second studio album of a young artist that featured ths single "Change"?
"Blue Tail Fly" and "Flight of the Bumblebee" are both songs with some sort of emphasis on what sort of living thing?
Can We Love? starred this south Korean singer, actress and presenter who is best known as a member of what South Korean girl group?
Which star of "A Film with Me in it" also worked on "Shaun of the Dead"?
Which mountain is higher, Kabru or Manaslu?
What was Robert Tree Cody's adopted father's most prominent PSA role?
Who was the only reporter present when the visible spokesperson and leader in the Civil Rights Movement was assassinated?
What song was performed by an American recording artist, who at age 22, died on a plane with eight other people?
Were The Adventures of Huck Finn and Piglet's Big Movie distributed by the same studio?
Which of the studies Phillip Cary concentrated on at Eastern University was an early North African Christian theologian and philosopher whose writings influenced the development of Western Christianity and Western philosophy?
Which Mallrats actress also stared in the comedy Police Academy: Mission to Moscow?
What multinational retailer was founded in London and a part of the Silverburn shopping centre?
Foxfire Light was written by the author who has sold how many copies worldwide?
Clara Lieber worked with the German chemist in the fields of what two disciplines?
Are Monthly Review and Collier's both magazines?
The actor who played Chino Ho Kelly on the T.V. series "Hawaii Five-O" Starred along side his son that played which character?
Stuart Chambers succeed what British businessman as chairman of Anglo American plc from 1 November 2017?
Cumberland Gap, Tennessee is surrounded on all sides by a park named after a natural break in what mountains?
Koestler was sentenced to death under the regime of which Spanish military dictator?
Which season of the National Hockey League was the 19th in franchise history.?
From where did many of the initial residents of Llewelyn, Saskatchewan originate?
Between the Sabal and the Liatris, which genus of plant produces a fruit called drupe?
Are Sparaxis and Salvinia both types of plant?
What dog breed is more likely a better swimmer, Mucuchies or Flat-Coated Retriever?
Where is a famous tourist definition named after the common term for maize located?
Which tower is found near Portsmouth Harbour railway station?
Where is the airline that AmericanConnection served as a flight connection service brand name for headquartered?
What does the University of Peradeniya and University of Arkansas have in common?
What other occupations did the director of the film that won three awards from the Director's Fortnight program at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival hold?
Which owner of the San Diego Padres baseball team was also married to Joan Kroc?
What was this political group called had a series of armed conflicts and political machinations against Parliamentarians, which is often a subject in Partizan Press?
Steponas Kairys is from which city in vilnius county?
Where were the headquarters of the brewing company that Carlsberg acquired in April 2008?
Daniel Massey starred in The Queen's Guards alongside which actor, who was once regarded as the natural successor to Laurence Olivier?
What do both Lincoln Steffens and Tom Clancy have in common?
What NCAA Division I men's basketball team from Stillwater, Oklahoma once had Kyle Keller as an assistant coach?
Among John Malkovich's 70+ film roles is which 1996 crime thriller with an ensemble cast led by Nick Nolte and Jennifer Connelly?
The statesman who was the father of Jane Cobden was associated with what major free trade campaign treaty?
Which magazine was published more often, Audrey or Lucire?
How many shops does the larger of the Miami International Mall and Dolphin Mall have?
The receiver who had 1,303 receiving yards and eight touchdowns with the 2003 Tennessee Titans played college football where?
Who wrote the script for the film directed by the co-founder of Blue Sky Studios and starring Lucas Till?
Novelist Clive Staples Lewis, best known as C. S. Lewis, the author of The Chronicles of Narnia which featured Lucy Pevensie, also taught at Oxford University and what other university?
The album on which the song "Joanne" was first released was released in what month in 2016?
Who created the whistle jingle of the company that employs Steven Wolk as the chief technology officer?
UMCS was named in honour of which Polish and naturalized-French physicist and chemist who conducted pioneering research on radioactivity?
What division did Alan smith score 6 goals in?
When did the musical in which Lauren played the role of Miss Honey have its trial run at the Stratford-upon-Avon theatre?
Which magazine was published weekly vs every weekday, Aeon or Life?
MTX Mototrax is a video game depicting a sport that evolved from motorcycle trials competitions held where?
Lavant and Lienz are both located where?
Which Buffalo Bills quarterback lost the Super Bowl twice in his 11 seasons with the Bills?
What job/hobby do Andy Ram and Arnaud Clément have in common?
Who had only one brother and was a british executioner for 23 years?
Simmons Bedding Company is the sister company of the mattress manufacturer based in what city?
Garnett Brown has worked with what inductee into the Alabama Jazz Hall of Fame?
Which two professional hock teams did both Ray Ferraro and Pat Verbeek play for?
"False Alarm" is a song from which third studio album by Canadian singer The Weeknd?
Who was the presenting sponsor of the race where Jeff Wood made his CART debut?
Which mountain is located mostly in America's longest linear park?
What are both James Whale and Jon Paul Puno?
Who founded the Dutch Symphonic metal band who released the album Black Symphony?
What music genre do Richard Ashcroft and the band Galaxie 500 play?
What is the name of the ski area located in Franklin County, Maine?
What is the profession shared by Philip Glass and Antonio Salieri?
The Psychopathography of Adolf Hitler has been diagnosed by which founder of the William Allison White Institute of Psychiatry?
What position did Mike Scully and Al Jean both hold at varying times in the Simpsons?
What postition did Simon Coveney take over after losing to Enda Kenny in 2017 at the Fine Gael leadership election?
Who was replaced by Jon Walker in a band that Jake Sinclair had wrote songs for?
What organization which the The Alabama people Native Americans were a part of owned the land the Wellborn house was built on?
Which film was released first, Treasure Island or The Living Desert?
Which U.S. plain were a small cult of Native North Americans who practiced oppositional behavior located?
Who was born later, Hans Fallada or James Ellroy?
What movie composed by Dimitri Tiomkin grossed $8.5 million in its theatrical release?
Whose homeland is geographically farther north, Tom Robinson or Ihsahn?
The Checklist Manifesto was a nonfiction book by the surgeon and writer who practices general surgery at what facility?
Who is the star that appeared in the movie Mr. Deeds with Adam Sandler and made her film debut in the film "Lucas"?
Varaždin Generalate was a province that was part of the Kingdom that had what city as its capital?
For Those Who Think Young features what American comedian, voice artist, actor and TV personality, born in 1982?
At the 2014 Asian Games which sport had more team events?
Where did the Admiral who authorized the First Yale Unit claim to have reached?
What prize did John R. Fischetti receive for his two-dimensional animated illustrations?
Asa Earl Carter co-wrote the infamous pro-segregation line given by what 45th Governor of Alabama?
Samuel Hopkins House is a historic home located in a hamlet with a population of what in 2010?
Facing Sudan and Seal Island are both what genre of movie?
Are Hüsker Dü and The Colourist both musical bands?
The Sciences magazine won seven of an award also known at what?
Which composer was born first, Antonín Dvořák or Giuseppe Verdi?
What was the official title of the wife of the leader who was born in 1863 and died in 1914?
What did Brandywine Productions produce that depicted Warrant Officer Ellen Ripley?
What was the expatriate Australian who spoke at he Brisbane Institute known for?
Which actress played the role of Evelyn Thompson in the film 2000 film directed by Brett Ratner?
What was the professional name of the recorder of Live at the Carousel Ballroom?
Are Bae Woo-hee and Gary Louris both singers?
China Blue and Burden of Dreams are both what types of films which focus on the chaotic life of a Chinese factory worker, and the chaotic production of the film Fitzcarraldo?
Are the Polish Hound and the Borzoi both domestic dogs?
What United States Navy SEAL wrote a 2007 biographical war thriller book?
What is the name of the hurricane that made landfall on Belize on August 4, 2016 and ultimately left 81 fatalities in Mexico?
The Minneapolis-St. Paul Airport Trams and the airport also known as World Chamberlain Field were both constructed by whom?
What Indian amusement park did Jagdish Narain Sapru serve as the chairman of?
A county in the East of England has one of the largest self-suffcient communities which posses 1500 acres of local land. What is this called?
What turbojet engine produced by Teledyne CAE is also known as The Turbomeca Marbore?
Which member of a collegiate athletic conference comprising sports teams from eight private institutions of higher education in the Northeastern United States played their home games at Robert K. Kraft Field at Lawrence A. Wien Stadium?
In what year did this pilot episode air of this American animated television series, whose title character held the same name as the show and also included the character Mrs. Puff?
What Australian sportsman died in a suburb of Adelaide in the City of Burnside and the City of Campbelltown?
What Big 12 Conference basketball team did Myles Turner play for?
Which districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana is Jachie-Pramso a village in?
Which actress was named the seventh-greatest female screen legend by the American Film Institute and said "art lives on forever" at an AIDS benefit?
America's Music: The Roots of Country is a film that touches on which bar-style music, common in the South US?
What is the age of these mountains that start in the northeast corner of Georgia and had the Georgia Gold Rush spread throughout it in 1829?
Wing warping, a system for lateral aircraft control, was pioneered by the Wright brothers during their first controlled, sustained flight near which now-famous location?
How old was the man for whom Āryabhaṭa numeration is named when he wrote Āryabhaṭīya?
Which 1959 Drama film did Sacha Vierny do the cinematography for?
Xokonoschtleti Gomora has pushed for over thirty years for the return of Montezuma's headdress which is made of swen-on gold detailing and what?
What film directed by Brian Patrick Butler was inspired by a film directed by F.W. Murnau?
The Miami Marlins and the organization's right-handed pitcher Kenny Koplove play in which home field park?
Take a Little Trip was recorded by a band formed in which city?
What Latvian deity ranks just below the solar goddess of Latvian mythology in popularity?
Pleasant Valley State Prison has housed convicted murderers, including what man who foundd Namesys in 2004?
Sir Andrew Dudley commanded the English garrison of castle on the banks of what river?
Which Pizza place, Pizzeria Venti or Mountain Mike's Pizza, has locations in more US states?
What position did Cristian Dario Alvarez play for the Spanish football team based in Zaragoza?
Where is the headquarters of the conglomerate managed by Essence Global known as NBCUni?
Leanne Caret is an American businesswoman serving as Executive Vice President of Boeing and President and CEO of a company formerly known as what?
Who started the band that began at an earlier date between Being No One, Going Nowhere and STRFKR?
Who created a martial art style that has its oldest origins in shamanism?
What kind of psychologists study houses with the same defining quality as the psychiatric hospital in the film Grave Encounters?
Which film director has also worked as an actor, Percy Adlon or Duccio Tessari?
In what city did Frank Fertitta III found his current company?
Which is taller, the design for building planned for 80 South Street or Central Park Place?
What civilization's writing system did Ernst Wilhelm Förstemann contribute to the decipherment and understanding?
Which of the actors starred in Curly Sue is an American comic actor, voice actor, comedian, singer and musician?
Who produced crayon along with Kwon Ji-yong?
The prison where Raymond McCreesh held a hunger strike was operating between what years?
The current assistant manager of Leicester City used to coach which team in the 2014-15 Season?
Are WZRD and The Housemartins both Alternative bands?
What film was the martial artist who stared in "The Prophecy Forsaken" most known for besides his martial arts roles?
Who does the 2005 Oregon Ducks football team quarterback currently play for?
What is the name of Alexander "Alex" Russell character in the movie Chronicle?
Coober Pedy Airport was used in a game that features cross-platform play and was released on September 23rd, 2016 for who?
Which documentary was released first, Walking with Cavemen or Life in the Freezer?
Which National Basketball League team in Indiana did Ife Holmes play on from 1929 to 1938?
Where was the mythical world creator of the game RuneQuest born?
How many countries is the German automotive Smart Fortwo marketed in?
Which is a punk rock musician, John Mayer or Ben Weasel?
Have Anne Sexton and Derek Walcott both received awards for their writing?
Between Sidalcea and Backhousia, which genus can only be naturally found in Australia?
When was the last living pilot of the X-15 program inducted into the National Aviation Hall of Fame?
From which city did the Cabaret Cartoon artist get his Mancunian accent from?
What nationality was the composer of the song cycle Die schöne Müllerin?
What airline did one of the "Big Four" domestic airlines in the United States collide with over Carmel, New York?
Which theme park has Stitch’s Great Escape which replaced the attraction ExtraTERRORestial Alien Encounter?
Are both Nelson Pereira dos Santos and Bruce Robinson film directors?
The Shenandoah Valley Railroad had considerably backing from another railroad with what nickname?
JumpStation, a search engine launched in 1993, was first announced on the "What's New" webpage of which discontinued web browser?
What country does 2014 Winter Olympics closing ceremony and Fisht Olympic Stadium have in common?
Which music group, No Doubt or Beastie Boys, was formed first?
Who died first Arthur Wahl or Glenn T. Seaborg?
What is the name of the album released in 2005 by the son of country music legend Waylon Jennings?
The opera Midnight Son was inspired by the true story of the murder of a woman that died in what year?
Lee Byung-hun worked on the 2005 gangster film written and directed by whom?
Besides the current head coach of the New York Knicks, which other Phoenix Suns players were acquired by the Sixers in the 1992-93 offseason?
What kind of music do Silverstein and Toad the Wet Sprocket play?
Who received more nominations for the Academy Award Oscar, Stephen Frears or Mario Monicelli?
Which microcomputer was created first, the Grundy NewBrain or Mark-8?
Where was footage from the role playing game convention in the "Fellowship of the Dice" filmed?
Keith Forsey wrote a song with Billy Idol in mind that was eventually given to which Scottish rock band?
Who is younger, Patrick Stump or Jun. K?
What country of origin does Billy L. Sullivan and The Golden Girls have in common?
The 40–40 club includes a Cuban-American player who also competed in which two other sports?
Are Reunions magazine and Autograph Collector Magazine both US publications?
Was Salford Quays regenerated before or after the opening of Harbour City tram stop?
In between The Light in the Forest and The Apple Dumpling Gang which one is a 1975 American comedy-western film?
Northrop F-5F aggressor squadron is based in an air station that is designated as a superfund site due to what?
Are both Papa Roach and Portugal. The Man from the same US state?
What was the title of the memoir that the daughter of the "Washington Post" newspaper publisher and Federal Reserve Chairman wrote?
In what year was the 2008 democratic candidate for Maine's smallest congressional district born?
Ibrahim Hazimeh was born in a city that sits on the coast of which sea?
When was the Canadian actress and singer, who starred in Life Under Water, born?
What is the nickname of Retired Spanish football and youger brother of tennis player Toni Nadal?
Tobias Vincent "Tobey" Maguire is known for playing the title character in Sam Raimi's 2007 film based on what fictional Marvel Comics comic book?
What did the Spokane and Inland Empire Railroad merge into that operated between 1970 and 1996?
What is the 2011 population in the civil parish that Belnie is located in?
What country do the people live who came up with the word Axé comes from?
How many decades did the career of the American actor, who starred in "The Happy Ending," span?
Who was a dentist as well as an author, Zane Grey or Thomas Sigismund Stribling?
What is the Chinese name of the Tibetan tenor that performs with a New York-based entertainment company that translates its name as "the beauty of devine beings dancing"?
The Transcaucasian Commissariat decided to strengthen the Georgian-Armenian-Azerbaijani union by general assembly known as what?
The philosopher that wrote How Are We to Live? is known for what 1975 book that argues in favor of vegetarianism?
What artistic work from a 20th-century American author, painter, and illustrator featured a scene portraying officers of the law escorting a child?
Are Andrew Davis and Richard Wallace both American film directors?
The musical sitcom with an album by the same name has what special feature on the album cover?
Trevor Knight was replaced on the Atlanta Falcons by whom?
Of the two mountains, which is taller Makalu or Muztagh Ata?
Are Sparaxis and Cotula both a genus of the same family?
What member of nobility does Dalmeny House and Barnbougle Castle have in common?
Who is older, Anthony Powell or Nancy Mitford?
What category do the films Beyond the Call and Without the King fall into?
British biographer and translator of German philosophy and literature R.J. Hollingdale was elected president of what in 1989, partly because of his work with the posthumously published notebooks of G. C. Lichtenberg?
Are either Robert Lamm or Fher Olvera British musicians?
Frankie Fleming faced what hall of famer who held the World Featherweight title from 1912 to 1923?
What was the release date of the final album produced by Creedence Clearwater Revival?
What do Walter Lippmann and Michael Shaara have in common?
The Qube is home to the operations center of what type of lending company?
What was the color of the twin-rotor Wankel rotary engine car driven by Peter McLeod?
Álvaro Raposo De Oliveira was born in a city located in the valleys of which rivers?
Which metropolitan area is home to Putney, Georgia and is the seat of Dougherty County?
Which of Robin Gibb's siblings were featured in Mythology?
Where did John Ebersole perform x-rays in the autopsy of a president?
What local government area oversees the city where the Lake Oval is located?
Fort Richardson National Cemetery is part of the installation that merged with what nearby Air Force Base?
The company that has bought Canal Digital in 2003 is headquartered in which city?
Evan Crawford has played for an MLB team in what league?
Kew Cottages is located in the eastern suburb of Melbourne how far away from the Central Business District?
Who recorded an album at Österåker Prison and San Quentin Prison?
The Ferryman, a 2017 play by Jez Butterworth, casts which British film, television, and stage actor, who was born in 1967?
The soundtrack to 'Dancer in the Dark' is by what Icelandic singer, songwriter, actress, record producer, and DJ?
Which game was invented in India and played more by children, Pay Day or Aksharit?
Are James P. Bagian and Paz Lenchantin both Americans?
Around how many members does the triad group, for which Michael Chan admitted being the No. 2, have?
Walker County was named after which member of the US Senate from Mississippi?
Which single produced by Just Blaze gives dedication to the American troops fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan?
Coast Casinos is the number 2 locals casino brand in the Las Vegas market, behind what gaming company that is based in Summerlin, Nevada, and was founded by who?
What film directed by Valerie Red-Horse Mohl was based on the life of the first woman elected to serve as chief of the Cherokee Nation?
The Way to Rainy Mountain was a book by the Pulitzer Prize-winning novelist of what heritage?
Who is the German actor who played Adolf Hitler in the 2009 Quentin Tarantino film, Inglourious Basterds?
What is part of the shared nickname and name of both the manager of TJ Sklotatran Poltar and the Brazilian politician that achieved fame as a professional footballer?
Does Oakland International Airport fly out to more places than Redding Municipal Airport?
Blanche Hunt was the mother of what award winning character played by Anne Kirkbride?
The Shareef Show Mubarak Ho is hosted by what Pakistani stand-up comedian and actor?
Eurazeo has invested in the multinational hotel group of which nationality?
Richard Brake plays which character on the HBO fantasy drama television series which premiered on April 6, 2014?
Mega Python vs. Gatoroid starred what singer who was born in October of 1971?
What was the name of the strip club in the horror television series developed by Robert Rodriguez?
Are Lift and Izze both products produced by the Coca-Cola Company?
What is this association football award that recognises the best Premier League player each month of the season, which is announced with the Premier League Manager of the Month, currently called?
Did Anne Sexton and René Char write poetry?
UFC 200 was help at what multi-use indoor arena on the Las Vegas Strip that Opened on April 6, 2016?
Who has had more members, Cocteau Twins or Headstones?
What name did Patrick Keeler's The Racounteurs use in Australia?
A English former radio and television presenter who was known for presenting "It's a Knockout" was represented in criminal trial by the man who is current chairman of what football club?
The coach of the 2007-08 Feyenoord season was born in what year?
Which American actress co starred beside Sean Penn in This Must Be the Place?
Olga Pershankova competed with an ice dancer who was a five time what?
Who played Dr. David Cameron on a show developed and written by Ron Cowen and Daniel Lipman?
Iwama dojo was built by what martial artist who is often referred to as the founder, Kaiso, or Great Teacher?
Which American stand-up comedian starred in thank You for Your Service?
What division I-AA university football team represented the Southern Conference in the 1924 season?
The 15th and 18th top scorers of all time in Liga I are from which country?
Are Billings Logan International Airport and Lanai Airport both located in the US?
What did the composer of La traviata use the term "banda" to describe?
Which U.S. Army specialist convicted in the Abu Ghraib scandal was born in 1968?
Do both Eversource Energy and Skyworks Solutions have headquarters in Massachusetts?
Cliven Bundy was known for his role in having participated in what armed confrontation?
How many students are at the college where Clinton L. Hare was a coach in 1891?
Which is more likely to make you laugh more, 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea or Condorman?
Which MBC show aired in the same Sunday night slot before April 2015 as "Secretly Greatly" did from December 2016?
Neal Preston, who worked with an English rock band that formed in 1964, also worked with other musicians from what genre?
Which American animated superhero action-comedy television series was produced by Playmates Toys?
What do Anthony Green and Serj Tankian have in common?
What was the original planned title for the Eminem album that features the song "No Love"?
What college did The 1992 San Diego State Aztecs represent in the WAC?
Hunter Henry is an American football tight end for a team founed in which year?
Which non profit practice and medical research group based in Rochester, Minnesota was founded by William Worrall Mayo?
When was the magazine which featured Charles Dickens' "A House to Let" edited by him?
Where was the private Catholic university which John Rokisky attended located?
The Texas Revolution was fought between Texas settlers and a detachment of what?
Which spanish national park extends into more communities: The Picos de Europa National Park or Garajonay National Park?
What Jamaican boxer won against the author of "Rocky Ros Muc: Seán Ó Mainnín"?
What is the scientific name of the fungus studied byby Ann Gravatt?
Aleksandar Petrović is the brother of a professional basketball player that played in which position?
Are Androlepis and Corymbia in the same botanical family?
Which was founded first, Bertucci's or Jet's Pizza?
Where is the rental car company, for which Pamela Nicholson is President and Chief Executive Officer, headquartered?
Which American actress and singer played as Harlow in the remake of Red Dust "Mogambo"?
Who is the group that recorded "Rapped in Romance" associated with?
In what year was the Chief Executive Officer of the company which owns The Buffalo News born?
Which Dutch football manager and former midfielder managed Urby Vitorrio Diego Emanuelson?
How long was the career of the host of the game show Three for the Money?
What is the population of the city in which Staffan Scheja was the awardee at the international Ferruccio Busoni International Piano Competition in 1975?
277 Park Avenue and Solow Building are almost the same height, but which is heighest?
Donovan McNabb was benched in favor of which former Florida State University College football player?
Which country's longest continuous deployment began because of intense political and sectarian rioting in Northern Ireland?
Which pizza restuarant was started furthest north in the states Snappy Tomato Pizza or Frank Pepe Pizzeria Napoletana?
The Bellagio casino is located in the largest city of what area?
Which Ali G series star is also an English actor, comedian, screenwriter, and producer?
Which profession does Boris Barnet have in common with Baltasar Kormákur?
Who wrote the memoir from which the 2014 British biographical romantic drama starring English actor Vincenzo Leonardo "Enzo" Cilenti was adapted?
The music an dlyrics for A Christmas Story: The Musical were written by what American songwriting duo whose work also includes Dogfight and Edges?
When was the lead designer of the Lockheed Starfighter born?
What did the actor who played Cameron in 10 Things I Hate About You play on 3rd Rock from the Sun?
In which state's mountain region lay the famous peak that inspired the bestselling novel "Cold Mountain"?
What is the difference in genre between The Fighting Prince of Donegal and The Graveyard Book?
The 2010 American comedy-drama film Peep World stars which actress who also appeared in "Dune" (1984) and "Twin Peaks" (1990)?
Benjamin Furly was a friend of a philosopher born in what year?
The 1997 American romantic comedy with Matt Dillon, Debbie Reynolds, etc. stars which American actress who also voiced which role in the "Toy Story" franchise?
April Ludgate was portrayed by what American comedian and actress born in 1984?
Which game can have more players, Diplomacy or Space Hulk?
What position does the football player that stars in State Farm commercials play as?
Which band, Marianas Trench or Car Seat Headrest, signed to Matador Records in 2015?
Near what river was German and Canadian professional poker player born?
What fighter-wing pilot was one of the top three scoring flying aces of all time and exceed 300 confirmed victories?
Which computer was released first, Digi-Comp I or LNW-80?
Bebe Neuwirth, who narrates the film "Ingredients", first became known on which TV show?
Which actor, who is well known for their role in "Brothers & Sisters", starred in the 2009 miniseries Iron Road?
Who was born earlier, Ray Wilson or Kevin Cronin?
The album Analog Man featuring artists such as Richard Wayne Penniman was the whose first solo album in 20 years?
When was the artist who did the cover art of The Savage Frontier born?
Who wrote the song "When I'm Sixty-Four?
Which book in "The Mayfair Witches" series includes Lestat?
CeeLo Green and Eric Bazilian are both musicians from what country?
What BBC shows did Jimi Mistry who also appeared in the 2006 war thriller Blood Diamonds appear in?
Los pájaros was released by the co-founder of which band?
What is the Joukowsky transform designed by Father of Russian Aviation Nikolai Zhukovsky?
Who was born earlier, Thomas Wolfe or Margaret Wilson?
Which of the two creators of Thunder was born on October 19th, 1961?
The mother of Archduchess Elisabeth Marie of Austria, was born on which day?
The Red Pian Tour by Sir Elton John originated at a theatre that seats how many people?
Who was born later, Tomáš Šmíd or Frew McMillan?
Drowned World Tour was in support of which 2000 Madonna album?
Park Holme, South Australia is adjacent to the southern suburb of Adelaide in what local area?
Which university has the highest number of graduated students University of Texas at Austin or Minnesota State University, Mankato?
Who is the first Irish professional mixed martial artist to hold two UFC championship titles in two different divisions?
What is the real name of the Prussian Lithuanian poet and philosopher who came up with the idea of the religious movement Baltic Neopaganism?
Is Jean Cocteau's full name longer than Tim Robbins' full name?
Where is the main training base and college for the land based Irish Army?
Callirhoe and Dischidia are both genus of plants and one is known as poppy mallows, which?
Lieutenant (j.g.) Ralph McMaster Rich (1916–1942), was a fighter pilot who was awarded the Navy Cross for his leadership on an aircraft carrier, that launched in what year?
Are La púrpura de la rosa and Semiramide both operas?
Both Gustave Francoise Lussi and Dorothy Hamill were a part of what Olympic sport?
What is the geographic area within Unguja where handmade cosmetics and food products made by Zanzibari women are sold?
Are both Philip Larkin and Nuruddin Farah English?
What new policy suspened former Baltimore Orioles playerRafael Palmeiro?
What relative to former NFL quarterback Peyton Manning has been a sport client of Greater Talent Network?
Which artist who has used the services of Rob Persaud was also part of The Saturdays?
The most famous and often parodied poem by Joyce Kilmer was written in what verse structure?
What TV channel based in Karachi, Pakistan airs the television series Mehram?
Are both Qidong, Jiangsu and Jiayuguan City county-level cities?
Gelsey Kirkland created the lead role in Balanchine's revival of what ballet by Igor Stravinsky?
Where is the University, for which Julius Cherry Powell was the seventh president, located?
What city does 2015 Coupe de France Final and Edinson Cavani have in common?
What other person besides retired Spanish professional footballer co-assistant coaches Manchester City with Brian Kidd?
What is the common ingredient in the Bourbon Lancer and the Derby cocktail?
"Reflektor" is by a rock band based in which city?
Which company is based in Europe, PNC Financial Services or Covidien?
Which "The A–Z of Mrs P" actress was also on a sitcom that aired on Channel 4?
Which English woman born on 26 May 1957 was Gitta Sereny, CBE known for interview and and profiles of controversial figures of?
Lionhearted is a song released by what company in the United States?
Were OK Go and Stone Sour formed in the same state of the United States?
Which was published first Venus Zine or Peg's Paper?
Were Love Among Freaks and!!! formed in the same State?
In which city did Sahar Tawfiq study Arabic language and literature in?
Did Raoul Peck and Dziga Vertov make the same type of films?
From 1992 until December 2009 the Thunder played in the Britt Brown Arena located in a suburb with a population of what at the 2010 census?
Dracula includes the professor that is of what nationality?
Are Mike Ness and Oliver Sykes both lead vocalists of their bands?
What 1 and 1/2 mile race, also known as "test of the champion," did jockey Irad Ortiz JR win his first American Classic?
What army did the uncle of Jean Gordon command?
Are the Lehigh Canal and Walhonding Canal both in America?
Hoe many locations does the organization taking care of the Talking Rocks cavern operate in the US?
Chris Obekpa transferred to which Division I team after 3 years at St. John's?
Which tight end, signed by the New York Giants in 2008, was born in a city in Jackson County, Mississippi?
Matt Hume and Demetrious Johnson are both American participants of what sport?
What U.S. court presided over both the Slaughter-House Cases and Reed v. Reed?
George Martin Long is a goalkeeper who plays for a professional association football club based at grounds once shared with what other club?
A British writer, host, model, and fashion designer hosted this series starting in 2008 on Channel 4?
What was the estimated population in 2012 of the city from which Rodney S. Quinn was elected to the Main House of Representatives in 1974?
Was Oystein "Euronymous" Aarseth a guitarist in the band or co-founder of the band Mayhem?
Which "Slings and Arrows" actor hosted the 9th Gemini Awards?
The Boeing Boeing 737-300 traveling from Belize to New Orleans was operated by an airline that has been in operation for how long?
Who recorded the song co-written by Jamille Pierre and co-produced by Kanye West that was remixed by this Canadian DJ and musician who is signed to Diplo's record label Mad Decent?
What did Both Dumitru Prunariu and Claude Nicollier had in common?
The 2015 British-American romantic drama film directed by Todd Haynes was nominated how many times at the 2015 Chicago Film Critics Association Awards?
Where does the American singer-songwriter, musician and producer, who released the single "Soil Sista", currently reside?
564 Dudu was named after a novel published between 1883 and 1891, what is the name of the novel?
Are both Moist and Plain White T's opera groups?
In which city was this American rapper, songwriter, record producer, model, and actress born who released the single "Kimnotyze" or record producer DJ Tomekk's compilation album "Beat Of Life, Vol 1"?
Name one of the academic specialties of Leo Derocher.?
Gansito is a chocolate and strawberry snack created by Bimbo, the world's largest bakery. In which country are their headquarters?
Can you find Peter Piper Pizza where Pizza Fusion is based?
What road is the entrance for the Naval Center named after Rear Admiral John A. Dahlgren located at?
College Point borders the waterway that empties into what river?
What roles did Gregory Nava and Marco Bellocchio both perform?
The actress that played Teresa in "Absence of Malice" also co-starred with Richard Drefuss in what 1977 sci-fi film directed by Steven Spielberg?
Which hatchback will possibly be replaced by the a compact crossover manufactured by German automaker Volkswagon?
Which university has the larger campus, University of New Haven or University of West Florida?
Zafir Premčević participated in a war that lasted from 28 July 1914 to when?
Who is older, Patty Fendick or Manuela Maleeva?
Anders Ingvar Kjell Kjellson had a notable roll in what William Shakespeare play?
Where was the early frontrunner in the 2008 Formula 3 Euro Series born?
Which college did Minxin Pei attend that was not a member of Claremont Colleges located in Claremont, California, United States.?
Are both Acanthaceae and Cardamine flowering plants?
Which former American professional basketball player, current sports analyst for ESPN, and cofounder of the Jalen Rose Leadership Academy did the Indiana Pacers trade for other players to the Chicago Bulls during their 2001-02 season?
Prior to playing for the Milwaukee Bulls, which team did the former National Basketball Association (NBA) player who is currently a television analyst for CBS Sports play for?
What community were the founding members of Islander 23's rival gang from?
Which Keemat star also appeared in Telugu, Tamil, Marathi and Kannada films?
Where was the second most penalized brawl in the NBA?
What is the main focus of both paragraphs?
In between The Kid Stays in the Picture and 1 More Hit which one is by Shauna Garr?
What role is played by Sebastian Arcelus in the television series staring Téa Leoni as Dr. Elizabeth McCord?
What is the birth date of the man who John Frusciante replaced as the Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist?
Elizabeth Louise Botting CBE worked for which company that operated the UK National Lottery?
How many teams were represented in the pair of motor races held on 18 and 19 April 2015 at the Bahrain International Circuit in Sakhir, Bahrain?
Are Squirrel Nut Zippers and Kongos both rock bands?
M. M. Srilekha is a film music composer and director, the only female director in which center of filmmaking?
Who is older, Gary Louris and Mark King?
Is The New York Enterprise Report monthly publication similar in format and content to the magazine Humbug?
In 2012, DJ Munchi was featured on the mixtape of which Harlem-raised American rapper, singer-songwriter, and actress?
Who was born later, Frank Lucas or Ike Atkinson?
Who is the coach of a team competing in Brazil in 2014?
Jill Duggar Dillard appears on a TLC reality show which features what two parents of the Duggar family?
When were the Detroit Music Awards, which feature some of Detroit's most notable musical artists like Bob Seger, initially proposed?
Diodorus of Alexandria was a pupil of the philosopher in what tradition?
Which of the plants has more common names? Psilotum or Conophytum?
This New York City born actress gained prominence for her lead roll in an American romantic comedy film with many scenes shot at what Tacoma school?
Who is more well-known, B. Traven or Alan Sillitoe?
What do both Michael Kiske and Terry McBride have in common?
Which best-selling artist recorded the 1957 album Jack B. Nimble – A Mother Goose Fantasy?
Walter Leslie Duncan, director of the Adelaide Steamship Company, resigned from the Senate in what year?
The Boniface Association owes its name to which Anglo-Saxon missionary through the Frankish Empire?
America's Response Monument in in front of what rebuilt building that is the sixth tallest in the world?
Which was opened first, the Lupin Mine or the Hedley Mascot Mine?
On which side of the Baltic Sea did the 2001 Baltic Cup take place?
Which has more people, Tumen, Jilin or Xiangcheng City?
Which American rapper worked with Dr. Dre on a song with a similar theme to "Forgot About Dre"?
Call of Cthulhu: The Wasted Land is a role-playing game in the subgenre named after what author?
Emily Rossum start in Shameless a remake of a series from what national market?
Who died at the oldest age, Ellen Heaton or John Ruskin?
Are Víctor García and Vanessa White in the same industry?
How many Grammy award nominations does the singer for "I Never Once Stopped Loving You" have?
Do the films Vanishing of the Bees and National Bird have the same director?
Top 5 Restaurants is a television series presented in part by which Food Network personality?
Who did Lizzette Reynolds fire to make her notable in November 2007?
Which French term coined in 1968 by Jacques Pictet could the controversial Midtown Walmart be referred to as?
In 2006, for emissions reasons, India Yamaha Motor replaced its RX 100 two-stroke motorcycle with the Yamaha Crux. What type of engine does the Crux have?
Which person Jim Cassell has been responsible for the development of plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the England national team?
Which Persian artist was known for his scientific achievements, rather than his poetry; Jami or Al-Khazini?
What is the formal name of the tree that is the dominant vegetation on the west side of the Ochoco Mountains, commonly known as the ponderosa pine?
Who directed a sound film first Béla Gaál or Millard Webb?
The football team based in Chester,Cheshire moved to what stadium in 1992?
What group did the American musician and songwriter co-found with his brother, to whom the opening track of Songs for the Incurable Heart was dedicated?
Which film premiered first, The Pixar Story or No Deposit, No Return?
How large is the complex where Vdara Hotel & Spa is located?
What was the name of the English computer scientist who inspired a movie written by English screenwriter Craig Warner?
What type of genre does Durance and Fiasco have in common?
Which municipality established in 2013 is where Cezar Mateus works?
Coke Bottle featured the American rapper from what Georgia city?
Which person, who succeeded in 1071 to the Earldom of Hereford, participated in the last serious act of resistance against William in the Norman Conquest?
The Love Machines stars an actor born in 1926, known for his nightclub performances in what city?
In addition to Aled Jones, Jamie Cullum, Clare Teal and the English tenor born in September 1973, who else have the City of Bath Male Choir sung with?
The 2009 Montana Grizzlies were coached by what current special teams coach for San Diego State?
Which Nobel Prize winner had a daughter who is considered to the be the first woman in electrical noise theory?
On what year was the artist that replaced Scott Weiland born?
Jessie the Yodeling Cowgirl from Toy Story 2 and 3 also appears in what 21-minute Halloween television special?
The Five Minutes Short EP was released by the band from the county seat of what Kansas county?
What nationality do Ara Dinkjian and Matt Vasgersian have in common?
What radio station features personalities like Larry the Duck and is based in Ronkonkoma?
Are McClure's and Famous Monsters of Filmland both magazines?
Thomas D'Alesandro Jr. is the father of the Minority Leader who represents what district?
Where did the star, who is also an executive producer, of the Mick begin her carrer?
What is the location that the film "Free State of Jones" based on?
Simenona Martinez had a role in the 2012 crime-thriller film directed by whom?
Are both Mark Wystrach and Jimi Jamison American musicians?
What was the birthdate of Charlotte Bonaparte's husband's father?
Who was born first, Marc Akerstream or Jackie Chan?
About how many items does the library that the 53rd Street Library is a branch of contain?
When was a Major League Baseball player nicknamed "Pudge" voted into the Baseball Hall of Fame?
Matthew Trupiano was the boss of which St. Louis group?
How did Shannon Harper collaborate with Madeline Harper to create the Pseudonym of Anna James?
Who led the Calvary at the Battle where Major Joel H. Elliott was a casualty?
Mike Perry is known for the single that was released as a download in Sweden on what date?
How many applicants did the university, for which Richard Hatem is a professor on staff, have for the Fall of 2016?
Who did Charles Everett Lively assassinate during a series of armed labor conflicts in the United States, roughly between 1890 and 1930?
When was the English criminal on which Bronson was based born?
What country is the Socialist People's Party and Astrid Krag, it's Minister of Health and Prevention 2011-2014 from?
Who was the father of the man who refused to grant Lower Lorraine to Henry II, Duke of Limburg?
Which is a a genus of flowering plants, Malcolmia or Libocedrus?
Are Brachyglottis and Kalopanax both members of the aster family?
When did the person die who fought against Gonzalo Méndez de Canço in the Battle of San Juan?
What city shares a Cadastral Division with a village that had only 89 people at the 2006 census?
Which actor in Airbag won the Academy Award for his role in "No Country for Old Men"?
Who was the executive producer of the soundtrack for which Rihanna recorded "Dancing in the Dark"?
Louis McLane Hamilton served under a General who was wounded during what battle in Virginia?
Which singer was from the United States, Ian Ball or Aretha Franklin?
Did Charleston Hughes play college football for a private or public university?
In which year was this historic castle in Aberdeenshire where Marc Ellington resides built?
Are both Copella juice products and Tizer made purely from fresh fruits?
The creator of Codename: Kids Next Door also served as production design for what series?
What year was the company, which created the M6 Bomb Service Truck during World War II, founded?
From where is the graffiti artist that did advertising work for the aviation company by Thomas Flohr?
On what UHF number could you catch the show that aired from October 3, 1960 to September 6, 1971 in Hattiesburg?
Who was the actress that played in "Descendants"-(2015 American fantasy TV film) as well as played dual roles as both title characters on Disney Channel's "Liv & Maddie"?
Which soft drink was originally developed in 1940 in Tennessee, Dr Pepper or Mountain Dew?
Are Jon Turteltaub and Nicolas Roeg of the same nationality?
Which film was released more recently, Baghdad ER, or Encounters at the End of the World?
Marriott's Ko Olina Beach Club is located in what county?
Which retired American football player played defense for the 1983 Dallas Cowboys, and briefly left football in 1979 to pursue a career in boxing?
Which 2009 animated film includes the voices of Pablo Echarri and Nancy Duplaa, Boogie, or The Super Snail Adventure?
Saturn V delivered men to the Moon for the last time, in which NASA mission?
Verrit, whose slogan is “media for the 65.8 million” refers to what part of the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign, 2008?
Are Ray Taylor and Marguerite Duras both film directors?
What is the urban population of city which is home to the Ghana Pharmacy Council?
When did the stronghold of the Boyd Family begin to be built?
Who was born first, Gillian Bradshaw or Rohinton Mistry?
Which publication was started by Larry Flynt, Christian Science Sentinel or Chic?
What studio founded in 2002 has Armand Serrano Armand worked for?
What was the name of the first novel written by the author of "No Longer at Ease"?
In which northeastern Oklahoman city were the losing 1938 Oklahoma A&M Cowboys football team based?
Helix ALM is software which provides a multitude of capabilities to its clients, including the enforcement of regulatory compliance requirements such as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which is also known as what in the Senate?
Rage is situated at the amusement park near which pier?
Who is from farther west, Luna or Janet Gardner?
What large gulf of the Atlantic Ocean does the Baboosic Brooke ultimately flow to?
Is Mohsen Makhmalbaf:more popular than James Kerwin?
Imran Khan appeared as a child artist in the film directed by whom?
When did the criminal gang formed by someone serving six life sentences at the ADX Florence supermax prison in Colorado?
Which commuter airline with its head office in the Isle of Man Airport was sometimes operated by Links Air?
The editor-in-chief that the documentary "The September Issue" follows was born on what date?
Are Wells Fargo and Southwest Airlines both air carrier companies?
Which abandoned theme park was formerly called Jazzland?
The video game 3D Bomb Alley is based on a Falklands War battle that ended on what date?
A church located on the village of Skomsvoll, is made in what style, derived from timber framing?
Smitty is directed by an american actor born May 27, 1936 best known for what?
Buckets of Rain was a track on this Bob Dylan album recorded for which record company?
Connie Price-Smith participated four times in what foremost sports competition?
The start of Marked Woman has appeared in how many films?
In what county is the most popular destination of the Great Smoky Mountains located?
What kind of substance does Radium Girls and United States Radium Corporation have in common?
Focus is an American music producer who produced tracks for an American rapper, record producer, and actor, who was born in October of what year?
Who played in a 1996 film as Queen of Denmark?
Fred Hartsook had, as a client the American aviator, nicknamed Lucky Lindy, who flew nonstop between which two locations?
Which group contains the most members: Sugar or State Radio?
In what city is the Salford City Stadium, home to the Salford Red Devils professional rugby club?
Martina Iñíguez wrote about the history of what dance that began in the working-class neighborhoods of Montevideo?
What type of media does Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck and The Tourist have in common?
Who was the father of a British nephew of Adolf Hitler who worked in Germany and later emigrated to America in 1939?
Are Lucine Amara and Alecko Eskandarian both American sopranos?
Are Jean-Julien Rojer and Květa Peschke both professional tennis players?
Battle: Los Angeles was developed by which video game designer founded in 2001?
Opinions included, as a topic, the Australian writer and intellectual who is from what movement?
Are both The Breeders and The LaFontaines American bands?
How large is the Sabden village, which is located in the Ribble Valley, within the non-metropolitan county of Lancashire, England?
What award has been given since 2004 for the team Mark Thomas Pavelich played for in 1980?
The 2017–18 Odense Bulldogs season will be their 27th in the Danish ice hockey league comprising how many teams?
What artist did Kanye West produce singles for that was supposed to use album beats produced by DJ Premier?
What company produces the beer that gave Estadio Corona its name for export to the United States?
What is the next movie in which Anna Kendrick will appear with the actress who played Alexis in the file "Project X"?
Who is the father of the world's youngest billionaire as of 2016?
What are two other big American Movie theater chains besides the one that is present at the Yorktown Center in Lombard?
Which genus of plant is part of the daisy family, Zinnia or Pachypodium?
What animal did Lewis and Clark newly discover during their 1804 expedition up Old Baldy in Nebraska?
Foodworks has a competitor in the supermarket chain owned by what company?
Which band originated in a country further south, Bodyjar or Go Radio?
The band At the Drive-In from El Paso, Texas released its first EP entitled what?
The Chippewas main campus is located where?
Where was the creator of Falstaff born?
Liam Aiken played Klaus Baudelaire in a 2004 film directed by who?
What is the middle name of the former American stock trader who was convicted alongside Michael Milken due to Steven Posner's staged corporate takeover?
Who was the retired American astronaut who transferred from Expedition 44 to 45 on the International Space Station?
What was the July 2017 net worth of the incumbent mayor of New York in 2013?
What is the japanese company who hired Camelia as a spokesmodel traditionally known for?
Which performer was from South Africa - singer Carina Round, or rock band Seether?
What was the name of the artist who performed at the NH7 Weekender festival and also goes by FlyLo?
The American actress, musician and photographer that stars in The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys is also an indie pop musician for which band?
Are Robert Caro and Dino Buzzati both short story authors?
Where did the chief executive of the 8th busiest airport in Europe start his career in industry?
John Alexander is the uncle of the player who plays what position for Liverpool?
Do Rika Hiraki and Mara Santangelo come from the same country?
Who was the older brother of person whose guard formed the French Royal Guard?
What genre of music do Sonic Reign and Emperor fall under?
Which venue, designed by Klingstubbins, hosted the 34th Miss Teen USA pageant in its theatre?
Which Catholic writer is known for her support of the Austrian-Swedish physicist who worked on radioactivity and nuclear physics?
Katrina Jane Edwards heading the Fe-Oxidizing Microbial Observatory Project on a seamount the top of which is?
Worn throughout the Caribbean region, notably in Cuba and Jamaica as wedding attire, what upper-body form does the guayabera take for men?
Where is the Fair Oaks Mall located?
Which car, produced by Ferrari from 1962 to 1964 for homologation into the FIA's Group 3 Grand Touring Car category inspired the Vandenbrink GTO?
Kenny Hall had a curacy in which town in County Tyrone?
When was the Northern Irish professional snooker player on which "The Rack Pack" focused on his rivalry born?
Which film out of the following two came out earlier, The Million Dollar Duck or Babes in Toyland?
Are Dirty Pretty Things and Bastille from the same country?
In what region of Nevada is the Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Battlelab located?
Are Gary Lightbody and Dustin Kensrue from the same country?
Which Japanese anime based on a novel does Bryce Papenbrook provide voice work for?
When was the Spanish footballer who was Among the main players behind the success of 1998–99 Valencia CF season born?
What kind of research does Dogspot undertake?
Who was the engineer responsible for a specfic make of car by a German automobile manufacturer specializing in high-performance sports cars?
The Sting was an episode of The Office written by the American actress who created what other sitcom?
What type of transmission does Tower to the People and Wardenclyffe Tower have in common?
What medium of communication does That Darn Cat and Miracle have in common?
What s the sqkm of a island country where Microcausta argenticilia was found?
Are the plant species Quesnelia and Chlidanthus both native to South American countries?
Did the Battle of Pusan Perimeter or the Battle of Peleliu happen first?
Does Tillandsia or Polystichum have more species?
Swedish actor Peter Stormare played in the comedy Fargo along with which other actors?
Angela Rayner, Britain's current shadow Secretary of State for Education, is an MP for which party?
Tuxedo, New York is a town that includes the system of limited access highways named for which Governor?
What city was Joseph Druces victim working in?
When did the monarch of Norway ascend to the throne?
Lee Hae-young's third feature film stars who?
Which largest city of the Indian state of Rajasthan in Western India is the capital of Rajasthan?
The regional state university providing degrees for residents of Central Maine has a library named for whom?
Who was foundedby the most people, the Desjardins Group or Perella Weinberg Partners L.P.?
Which band is from the west coast, Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros or Jack Off Jill?
The MBTA line located at the intersection of Massachusetts Ave and Huntington Avenue passes through what part of Boston?
Do the Trailing bellflower and the Pseudocydonia sinensis belong to the same plant family?
What United States territory hails both Julius Jackson and the three time world champion boxer born in 1960 who is ranked #25 in a 2003 magazine?
Gorgidas was the first known Theban military leader of of troop of select soldiers annihilated in what battle?
Where is the public university that funds Florida Digital Newspaper Library located?
"Miffy's Adventures Big and Small" is based on the book series "Miffy", along with a continuation of a previous show that was a stop-motion animated television series, what type of animated show was "Miffy's Adventures Big and Small"?
Who owns the ice hockey team that Oscar Lindberg plays for in the 2017-2018 National Hockey League?
What type of authors are Alfred Bester and Iain Banks?
What character did the actress, who co-stars with Nicolas Cage in the 2004 heist film, play in "Baby Blues"?
Was Tarzan made before The Vanishing Prairie?
What is the organization abbreviated IKG that represents those who practice Judaism in Austria?
Footballer is a painting by an Australian artist best known for what?
Which family of microcontrollers was NanoVM developed to run on?
Which of these breeds is now extinct and was never established, the Toy Bulldog or Wirehaired Vizsla?
Untold: The Greatest Sports Stories Never Told was hosted by a sportscaster commonly referred to as what?
Which 1994 film starred actor Danny Trejo?
Which rock group has more members, State Radio or Nada Surf?
Did a Democrat or Republican win U.S. Senate in 2016?
In what number Olympics did Dalixia Fernández Grasset first represent her native country?
In what year did the "nest of snakes" city in Mexico experience a hurricane?
In which US state did Timothy McVeigh detonate a truck bomb?
What cultural establishment is located in the affluent area of Victoriaborg in Accra, Ghana?
The Tennessee Tech Golden Eagles are members of which collegiate athletic conference which operates in the Midwestern and Southeastern United States?
Which writer, Ruth Prawer Jhabvala or Kenzaburō Ōe, has won more prizes in literature?
What group released a song inspired by Debbie Harry from the band Blondie as well the song "Love Shack"?
The Collection has tracks from the first heavy metal album maker and who else?
Which American musician and front man for the alternative band Dinosaur Jr. also appears on two songs by the band Inherit?
In what city is the university, for which Kim English played college basketball, located?
Which was fought in Europe, the Battle of the Wilderness or the Meuse-Argonne Offensive?
The mother of the husband of Erato was set among the stars as what constellation?
Which American historical theologian is featured on KCFO (970 AM) radio station?
Are Bluebeard's Castle and The Beggar's Opera both one-act operas?
Gustaf Tenggren was the chief illustrator for what 1937 American animated musical fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Productions?
The 1973 film The Wicker Man starred this Australian theater and film actress who passed in October of 2011?
The song "Fade Away" by Bruce Springsteen is featured in an album produced by whom?
Are Consumers Digest and Antic both computer magazines?
How many middle schools are there in this major school districts in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area that includes Olathe West High School?
Nigel Bruce in Coming out Party was best known for his role in what other series?
The Camden Riot of 1971 was a public disorder in a city made up of over twenty different what?
Who's son concluded a set of treaties which ended the American Revolutionary War?
What did John R. Hamilton have featured within the bi-weekly, general interest magazine, Look?
Cumbrians Opposed to a Radioactive Environment has campaigned against all aspects of the operation of Sellafield, formally known as which worst nuclear accident in Great Britain's history, ranked in severity at level 5 out of a possible 7 on the International Nuclear Event Scale?
What war was the basis for the Milton Bradley Board game that modeled it's tanks after a tank sometimes referred to as the "Mark V"?
Who managed production of the first single of imagine dragons’ band? Answer: Brandon Darner?
Where did the father of the 1796 ori tempore of the United States begin practicing law?
What "Smile You" star also stared in a Korean show known in English as Beating Again?
What town had a population of 4,789 in 2010 and is home to a historic farmhouse?
Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure and Summer Wars were both animated films created in 2009; however, which one had a main character that originated from a play by J.M. Barrie?
In which country did both Bruno of Würzburg and Conrad II, Holy Roman Emperor serve in?
Natalie Morales appeared in the 2010 romantic comedy directed by whom?
What was the occupation of the man who built a small, fast boat designed with a long narrow platform that could reach high speeds?
Prior to guest voicing on "The Itchy & Scratchty & Poochie Show", Alex Rocco guest voiced in "The Day the Violence Died" and which other "The Simpsons" episode?
What film did Peter Best make in 1986 that was set in the Australian Outback and in New York City?
Leslie Skinner played a leading role in the development of a man-portable recoilless anti-tank rocket that alternatively goes by what name?
Which musician was born first, Alex Turner or Annie Lennox?
Were Zora Neale Hurston and James Schuyler both known for their literary contributions to society?
Ironically, which city did the Santa Fe 1010 locomotive never travel to?
What BBC Three show featured an actress born on 14 December 1972?
The Hilbert lunar crater was named after a man that died in what year?
Who recorded a song released in 2010 as the second single from Kracker's album "Happy Hour" and also made "Devil Without a Cause"?
What is the bridge near Clark Island made of?
Which genus has more species, Malephora or Kirengeshoma?
The Living Oracles is a translation of the New Testament created by Alexander Campbell, the early Restoration Movement leader who stressed as paramount the reliance on few essentials as well as what item?
Annabelle: Creation is a movie in the series that is distributed by what cinema company?
What group, that spent 27 weeks at the top of the UK albums chart in 1967, featured Albert Stubbins on the cover of their album?
In what year was the person who voiced the mother in Samuel Beckett's Footfalls born?
Who was born first out of Gregg Araki and Abiola Abrams?
American actor Blair Redford was succeeded in the role of Scotty Grainger on "The Young and the Restless" by what actor?
What is the Hanja name for the 2009 film which Ha Jung-woo played a role in?
What nationality of postage stamp features an actor from the movie Mystery 6?
On what date did the man who recorded the only charting version of "Right in the Palom of Your Hand" die?
Which drink required fewer ingredients to make at a bar, a shot of Amaretto or a glass of Orange Tundra?
What types of flights does Austrian Air Services operate on behalf of the flag carrier of Austria?
What is the most recent team of the younger brother of a player who won the Stanley Cup with the Carolina Hurricanes in 2006?
Where does the motorway end that runs south of Preston through the junction of M6 and another North West England motorway?
What is the full name of the person who made the remix of the song "The Longest Road" by Morgan Wolf Page that was nominated for best remix in 2009?
Was the film "Home on the Range" released before the comic book "Ruse"?
In the Snow Queen, what is the name of Chelsea Hobbs' rival's friend?
Which show played on Velocity Channel HD, Auto Trader or Wheeler Dealers?
Great Minquas Path was a trade route starting from a river which is how long?
Which exhiled Russian businessman acquired a Russian owned oil and gas company based in Moscow, Russia?
"Started with a Song" surpassed a record set by what song that was released as the lead single from "Red"?
Edward Zwick made a film based on what play?
"Got to Be Real" has been called one of the defining moments of a type of music that was popular with who?
How long is the island where one school of the Kyūshū Collegiate American Football Association is located?
Jeni Mundy Freng is Director, Products and Innovations at which British multinational telecommunications company?
Who edits the journal that Robert K. C. Forman is co-editor of?
In what year was Alice Walton's brother born?
What is the meaning of the latin name of the constellation that includes 45 Aquilae?
K. Maneesha previously partnered in doubles badminton with the player who won which medal at the 2016 Summer Olympics?
Francisco 'Paco' Antonio Candela Pascual plays his home games in which stadium?
Are both Hana Mandlíková and Jelena Janković originally from Eastern Europe?
What are the names of the brothers who form the band behind the Flick of the Switch/Monsters of Rock Tour?
In what year was the album released that had That Ol' Wind as the sixth single?
Which ship was built in the US for the United Kingdom's naval warfare force?
Which is a propaganda film, Triumph of the Will or Food, Inc.?
What drop tower ride is in the amusement park located in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania?
Which band has more members, Haim or Hundred Reasons?
Bayern Munich signed a Croatian forward, born in 1986, that played for what team?
The author of the 2009 novel "Fame" is noted for his best work titled what?
What retired player does Rickie Lambert's game most resemble?
What artist released "The First Time" in 2015 and has worked with Roman White?
What song was the final recording of the wife of the lead guitarist for the Tejano band Selena y Los Dinos?
Who wrote the screenplay for the 2003 original movie in which 2005 Indian film 'Khamoshh... Khauff Ki Raat' was based?
Are both BOTH Zamia and Strobilanthes plant genus' from Africa?
Ernie Andres was born in a city that is the capital of which county?
Fleurieu zone extends as far north as a suburb in what South Australian city?
Big Dreamers and This Is Elvis are both what type of film?
Kannan Balakrishnan is an exponent of an instrument that is the primary rhythmic accompaniment in which music ensemble?
How many employees does the company that is based in Columbus, OH that also sponsored 27 official money golf tournaments from February 16 to October 28 2012 have?
In which province is the county where The 43rd Biathlon World Championships were held?
Which role did this English actor play in the "Pirates of the Caribbean" series, who also who appeared in "Tale of the Mummy"?
Who is the wife of the American actor who starred in the move Ace High?
Which film was released first, Transparent or 16 Days in Afghanistan?
Where is the electric chair "Old Smokey" which was used to execute the notorious murderer Richard Hauptmann now on display?
Sportverein Sandhausen 1916 e.V. owns this stadium.?
This drama film directed by Andrey Zvyagintsev starred a Russian actor also known for "Bimmer" which was made in what year?
Mystic Dunes Golf Club is owned by a company headquartered in what city?
Under which number president did Arthur A. Ballantine become solicitor of the Internal Revenue Service?
What setting was used in the generic science fiction role-playing game (RPG) based on the "D6 System", that was derived from a role-playing game set in the "Star Wars" universe?
In what county is the city David Graham Baird died in located?
What is one other type of plant the Krapfia is related to?
Which Swiss city is the home of Villars-Maitre-Chocolatier?
What was the original name of the special forces unit that was the main focus of the movie The Cockleshell Heroes?
"Cäcilie", Op. 27 No. 2, is the second in a set of four songs composed by a man that died in what year?
Who wrote the stage comedy based on the life of "the world's worst opera singer"?
What did the officer that played U.S. Army Major Richard Winters in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" best known for?
Jet by Day is a band from what Georgia county?
What is the name of this Cameroonian professional footballer who plays as a striker and is one of the most famous players, along with Roger Milla and Thomas N'Kono?
Which Nobel Prize winner were the Kilby International Awards named after?
Which English actor, comedian, screenwriter, has Rebecca Ferrand worked alongsid with?
Syed Kalbe Hussain was from the capital of which Indian state?
Which star of Cat Run 2 was born on December 7?
Who released more EPs, Godsmack or Sloan?
The Siege of Pskov took place during the final stage of a war that fought for control of what area?
Are the bands LCD Soundsystem and Against the Current based in the same New York cities?
What is a book is written by a RITA Award winning and New York Times best-selling author?
In 1983, who was best known for producing A Christmas Story?
What was the first single from a major label for an American rock band out of Winter Haven, Florida which split in 2014??
Both Osbeckia and Atalaya are what?
What is the birthday of the racer who won both the Junior and Senior races in the 1969 Isle of Man TT?
What Japanese anime series is inspired by a fairy tale written by Hans Christian Andersen?
Fantastic Frank Strozier is an album which used the rhythm section from part of a famous jazz album which was ranked number 12 by Rolling Stone's greatest albums of all time in what year?
When was the last time a Chevrolet car bore the name of the vehicles used to race around Canada in the first season of The Amazing Race Canada?
What Quartermaster General was involved in Operation Michael?
General Alfred Keller commanded Luftflotte 2 with a general nicknamed what by his troops?
Where did Juan Atkins and Abdul Qadim Haqq come from?
Are Eucalyptus and Cionura both animals genus?
What city in Australa has a World Heritage Site due to a number of fine quality classical drawings on the walls done by James Walsh?
Where in the world was the Acrocanthosaurus discovered?
What do Sigmund Jähn and Piers Sellers have in common?
What vitamin is David P. Ballou known for studying?
What season was it for 2004 American Football League when Chris Judd won the 2004 Brownlow Medal?
Konstantinos Barbarousis and Nikolaos Michaloliakos are connect by their involvement in what group?
In addition to the 1988 American comedy-fantasy film directed by Tim Burton, what other film is Glenn Shadix known for?
Which director worked on Reservoir Dogs, Roger Avary or Clark Johnson?
With what weapon did did the subject of Summer of Sam perpetuate his murders?
Richard Siward resided at the castle just outside what Scottish town?
Who created the comedy-drama Martin Starr appeared as Bill Haverchuck on?
What city is home to both the Istanbul Aviation Museum and the Crimea Memorial Church?
Which League Two team in Licolnshire has Martin Carruthers played for?
Which building is taller, 1717 Broadway or the Americas Tower?
John Michael McDonagh wrote and directed the buddy cop film from 2011 in which country?
In which reign the queen ruled Sweden under whom Henning Podebusk served?
What show produced under Guroudev Bhalla production house stars actor Ritvik Arora?
When was the party Bernard Rudolf "Ben" Bot is in formed?
Which place is more convenient for bathing, Stanley Hot Springs, Idaho or Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness?
Which party did the English Prime Minister and subject of Barbara Learning lead from 1940 to 1955?
Who was the grandfather of the Bonne de Luxembourg on her father's side?
The railway that only operated during the yearly agricultural event known colloquially as "The Show" can be found operating in what country?
Who owns the country format radio station based in Nelson County's Bardstown in Kentucky?
What doFranco Malerba and Reinhard Furrer have in common?
Aviapartner lost its operating license at Brussels Airport to an aviation company heaquartered in what Swiss city?
A remix of Wanderlust by a artist appears as a track on iTunes, whose artists is known for what?
What South Korean actor starred on the series Doctor Stranger and had a leading roll in the movie "Man to Man"?
What is the birthdate of this American actress, producer, singer, comic book writer, and political activist, who starred in Descent?
Where were home games played for the 2003 Missouri Tigers football team who lost the Independence Bowl to Arkansas?
Are McIntyre Mines and Copperfields Mine in the same country?
Simon Lindberg has been the leader of the group that was disbanded for inactivity in what nation in 2016?
What city do you come to after the loop highway that bypasses Topeka?
What is the Aspect ratio of a 1080p monitor?
Which of the two tornado outbreaks killed the most people?
Which song from a self-titled album was featured in a 1965 film, starring Jon Voight and written by Waldo Salt?
In which country are Veliefendi Race Course and Çırağan Palace?
Taron Egerton had a role in the 2016 biographical comedy-drama film directed by whom?
In between Secrets of Life and Summer Magic, which one is based on the novel "Mother Carey's Chickens"?
Unapologetic was the album released after the album that was created while traveling for which tour?
Cuyo Spanish was influenced by a dialect of the Spanish language spoken mainly in the areas in and around what Basin?
What type of category does Typha and Caryota have in common?
The character of Miss Bates in the Jane Austen novel "Emma" can be described as?
Which company produced the show which starred Meaghan Rath?
Noam Jenkins had a role in the 2014 video game developed by which company?
Anne Caroline Salisbury is the maternal great-grandmother of which wife of King George VI and the mother of Queen Elizabeth II and Princess Margaret, Countess of Snowdon?
Are Plain White T's and Better Than Ezra both alternative-rock bands?
How many people does the stadium where Girona FC holds it home matched hold?
How many municipalities did one of the palce where Echinocactus polycephalus occured divided into?
Are the following Polish political parties more right or left winged, Poland Comes First or Law and Justice?
Donnie Little played for the team that was in what conference?
The sea whose port is The Port of Reggio is sometimes considered as a part of which ocean?
What is the acronym of the stage name for the singer of Sofi Needs a Ladder?
The Peoria Rivermen were an ice hockey team in the International Hockey League, but a new team with that name currently competes in a league based in Huntersville, North Carolina, and has teams from the southeastern United States, as well as Illinois and what other midwestern state?
Norbert Reichart is best known for his collaboration with a Swiss author whose books make claims about extraterrestrial influences on what?
Where is the Palace of Westminster located?
Home Is Where the Hart Is starred a Canadian actor born 11 February and appeared in how many films?
Who is younger Luiz Carlos Dórea or Antônio Rogério Nogueira?
In 2009, Massimo Giordano toured with a Russian Soprano born in which year?
What actor starred in a 2002 movie whose executive producer was Linda Reisman?
Who was the director of the 2004 comedy film in which the actor who played the role of Spencer Olchin in the sitcom "The King of Queens" made a cameo appearance?
As of 2010, how many people lived in the region in which Robert Sheffey was a preacher to?
What characteristic does Bobby Kimball and Philip Bailey share?
Rose English has performed her work at the arts festival that is one of the major cultural events in what country?
Which one of the five Civilized Tribes of Sequoyah Bay State Park principally lives in Oklahoma with a minorty in Florida.?
What Spanish phrase does the song by Tom Waits "Romeo Is Bleeding" use that efers to a particular old school subculture of Chicanos and Mexican-Americans?
Who was a new coach on The Voice of Ireland and also a singer in the popular band The Saturdays?
How many copies were sold of the last UK number-one single that was written by Noddy Holder and Jim Lea?
This first episode of the sixteenth season of the American animated sitcom "South Park" gives away the Marsh home address, what was the name given to the episode?
What formal dance has a tradition of female students asking the male students to the dance?
Which American alternative rock musician has Peter Townsend been featured on recordings and tours with?
Martha Graham Center of Contemporary Dance focuses on teaching the technique that was the influence of whose techniques?
The country where Orchestre Stukas was based is in what part of Africa?
Who is older, Donald Fagen or Eddie Vedder?
Are/were Wubbo Ockels and Roberto Vittori astronauts for the same space agency?
To date, which band between Evans Blue and Quix*o*tic, has been active for a longer period of time?
Fukubukuro is part of what Japanese festical celebrated on January 1st sine 1873?
Malik Scott holds a notable win over a Samoan australian boxer who lost a fight against Wladimir Klitschko by knockout in which round?
What queen is the goddess Anu also known as?
What is the French translation of the name of the company Macy's replaced at Boise Towne Square?
Folk dances from Thessaly include this popular dance, which is a mixture of the slow and fast rhythms of hasapiko and which other dance?
Who founded a peer-reviewed scientific journal in the field of fluid mechanics?
According to the Blackfeet, where is the most sacred part of Glacier National Park located?
What year did the singer, who is a member of the nation and ethnic group that shares a common culture, history, ancestry and language, release her first studio album (in the language of her ethnic group)?
On which Expedition did Clayton Anderson replace Sunita Williams?
When was the UC Berkeley Physics professor for whom the Born-Oppenheimer approximation is named born?
Backmasking is a sound recording effect, that deliberately reverses which media?
Were Control Room and Project Grizzly made by the same person?
The 1983 German Grand Prix ended in a 4th place finish for which French four-time Formula One Drivers' Champion?
Which dutch town had a factory built for a company that now has a retail presence in over 70 countries?
What nationality is the racing driver who drove a Renault R.S.16 and has a father who won the Le Mans GT class four times?
How many immigrants crossed through the gateway predecessor of the first American immigration station?
Vanessa Kirby starred as Joanna in the 2013 comedy-drama about a man with what ability?
What team does the shortest NBA All Star tied with the 2011 final pick currently broadcast for?
Project Wizard was to defend against threats from what missile with a liquid-propellant rocket engine, that was developed during WWII in Germany as a vengeance weapon?
What is the country code that, along with no and sj is domain name registry for the three Norwegian country not open for?
What honor did the man for whom the USS "Kauffman" was named after receive?
Are "Lady Macbeth of the Mtsensk District" and "Iphigénie en Tauride" both operas?
What was the 2006 net profit from the company that brews Peeterman Artois?
Are Steve Lukather and Andy Biersack both members of a band?
What county in Montana was home to St. Benedict's Catholic School?
What uncompleted opera was composed by the composer of Il signor Fagotto?
ACE TV was superseded by the station that was previously known as what on analog television?
Which University has more accalaides' Bahauddin Zakariya University or Makerere University?
When was the democrat defeated by William Milliken at the Michigan gubernatorial election, 1970 born?
What 2011 movie stars Gong Ji-Chul, better known as Long Yoo?
The team that played against the Florida state Seminoles in the 2001 orange bowl was coached by who?
Who was the head coach during the 1999 season in which Ben Wallace was traded from the Washington Wizards?
Who wrote "Lost and Forgotten" which came 11th in Eurovision Song Contest 2010 in Oslo?
What type of water transportation system did both the Rapidan Dam Canal of the Rappahannock Navigation and the Main Line of Public Works work to establish?
Are both Supergrass and Modest Mouse American rock bands?
Which of these provide more regular news, The Christian Science Monitor or Electronic Gaming Monthly?
Who is younger, Clive Cussler or Anita Diamant?
Are Frida, en trotjänarinna and Stations of the Elevated both documentaries aired in Denmark?
What is the nationality of the corporation that owns and operates Ramada Hotel Chains?
Who is the general gender audience target of Claudia and Velvetpark?
What county seat of Clark County, Kansas, is also north of the Cimarron Redoubt?
Guardians of the Galaxy the movie is based on the comic book by what authors?
Between Chisholm v. Georgia and Edwards v. Aguillard, which seminal Supreme Court case in US history found that the first amendment law was specifically intended to advance a particular religion when it was written?
What military organization featured the general who was declared dead by the Ansar Allah, after a missile attack?
Which plant has more species, Maianthemum or Diplolaena?
What position did both Phil Mustard and Adam Gilchrist play in wicket?
Which film was released first, The Story of Robin Hood and His Merrie Men or Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N.?
David Alan Miller, the Grammy Award winner, is known for conducting which orchestra?
What Argentine American actor portrayed a character that supposedly died in November 2006?
Antonio Comi is the current general manager of a football club based in what city?
The producer for the music and soundtrack for a film directed by Stephen Herek about a tribute band singer named Chris "Izzy" Cole was born in what city?
Which was a Greenlandic/Danish polar explorer and anthropologist, had members in his Second Danish Thule Expedition?
What studio company did Alan Menken produce for and that the movie Sausage Party was a spoof of that studio's films?
What is the population size of the place where Shane O'Neill refused to help the English against the Scottish settlers?
Sioux Chief Manufacturing's promotional and packaging designs typically feature the bust of a leader born in what year?
Who starred in both Year of the Dog and Jurassic Park?
Which is the other theory of Ben Garrison except conspiracy theory that emerged and went viral during the 2016 United States presidential election cycle?
What county is the Sennett and Bertha Kirk House in?
In which district is the town in which William Marmon Quao Halm was born?
Which band was formed first, Hellogoodbye or SWMRS?
What board game was published sooner, Capitol or Lord of the Rings?
Which races do people of this principle, which contemporary scholars likens to Ilminism, believe are predominate?
Philip Carlo authored the biography of which American contract killer and serial killer?
Which artist appeared in more movies, Pedro Sienna or Sergio Leone?
Which mountain is higher, Manaslu or Jengish Chokusu?
What year did Taylor Swift release the song "Love Story" and release music videos for her songs "Change" and "Beautiful Eyes"?
Are the cities Weihai and Shaoxing both located in eastern provinces?
Who is the husband of the fastest woman of all time?
JPlop Goes the Weasel's title is a pun on an English nursery rhyme that is often played by what toy?
The Small Münsterländer and Ratonero Bodeguero Andaluz breeds main occupations are what?
Who directed the 1987 romantic drama dance film that is directly parodied by the television film "Totally Awesome"?
Mount Jefferson is near the mountain to its northeast that has what elevation?
A 1955 film by Giorgio Capitani grossed 146 million lire, and was the currency in Italy during which time period?
What English dancer, judge, and coach was featured as a judge on Strictly Come Dancing on season 14 with Bruno Tonioli, Craig Revel Horwood and Darcey Bussell?
Where did Spanish Jesuit Luis Ruiz Suárez do his missionary work?
Who was the co-star in the movie Mood of the Day of the common star of Mood of the Day and "Re-encounter" (2011)?
Conny Torstensson won national tiles playing for what team that calls the Kopparvallen stadium home?
Are Joe Dante and Ivan Passer both American film directors?
Which American professional baseball team that played in Metropolitan Stadium in 1970 had Ron Keller as a pitcher?
Which Florida TV station broadcasts from Christmas all year round?
Was Rien que les heures or The 11th Hour released first?
Where is broadcaster of World Have Your Say headquartered?
Who is older, Phil Collins or Brett Scallions?
What did Deepti Bhatnagar play in her first film role?
Who directed the 1993 American fantasy-comedy film in which Angela Paton plays Mrs. Lancaster?
Who has performed as a member of more musical groups, Alexi Laiho or Jónsi?
Know as an artistic game, this tile based game was originated during what dynasty?
Are Philips Videopac + G7400 and Acorn Electron both computer-based systems?
The two small towns', Fenton, Cumbria and Brampton, Carlisle are near this large railway.?
Are Istanbul Naval Museum and Armenian Patriarchate of Constantinople autonomous regions?
After directing Bound, The Wachowskis achieved fame with their second film entitled what?
Are Yushania and Eleutherococcus in the same family?
The Gerald Schoenfeld Theatre is located in a borough bounded by what three rivers?
Do Lo-Pro and The Black Keys work in the same genre of music?
Adriano Zumbo was known for his fairytale house on an Australian reality competitive cooking game show, that is produced by Shine Australia, and screens where?
Between Gravel v. United States and Hamdan v. Rumsfeld, which case involved military commissions set up by the Bush administration?
Lenny Murphy is believed to be responsible for ordering the murders of the loyalist gang active in what Irish city?
Which band was formed first Shiny Toy Guns or The Neighbourhood?
The 1982 Swiss Grand Prix ended in a 3rd place finish for the 3-time F1 champion from what nation?
Where did this real life mad doctor whose crimes were the inspiration for the film The Human Centipede work at during World War II?
Do the genera Bloomeria and Weigela describe species that live in the same region?
Lindsay Parker played the role of Carrie in a 1987 film based on a book by what author?
Codename: Kids Next Door was created by what American animator who created the short "Kenny and the Chimp"?
Who is the owner of both SM City Olongapo and SM Supermalls?
Are Radio Iodine and Talk Talk both from the United States?
Harold Ellis played basketball at the African American college in what city?
Where is Plug Power located in relation to Albany, New York?
When was the American comedy film released which was written by Herschel Alan Weingrod with Murray Salem?
Where did Jeff Meyer serve as an assistant basketball coach under Kelvin Sampson?
Where is the location of the state secondary school Agnes Body was the founding head of (Apart from Queen Margaret's School)?
In what city is the university at which Margaret White served as a law lecturer primarily located?
The the protagonist in the first fictional film directed by José Padilha was played by who?
What is the birthdate of this American jazz and pop music singer, dancer, actress, and civil rights activist, who was part of the 1970 studio album with Harry Belafonte?
Matt Schultz is the lead singer of a band from which state?
In which year was this American novelist, playwright and essayist who wrote the novella "The Body Artist" born?
What languages does the electronic payment program Payson.se work in?
Willis W. Harman worked to foster research through an American non-profit research institute co-founded by what former astronaut?
The 1947 New Year Honours were appointments by many of the Commonwealth Realms of this King of the United Kingdom who was also the last Emporer of what nation?
Among 'Fire From the Heartland' documentary stars who is an American politician and represented Minnesota's 6th congressional district from 2007 to 2015?
Lindsey Buckingham and Dallas Taylor both fulfill which identical role in each of their respective acts?
Who wrote and directed this 2013 European two-part art film, starring Charlotte Gainsbourg, and Mia Goth?
Are Adrienne Barbeau and Robert Zildjian both singers?
The singer that performed "Love You I Do" in the film "Dreamgirls" was a finalist on the 3rd season of what show?
Which person who contributed to the classic story of the same name by Hans Christian Andersen is an American musical theatre and film score composer and pianist?
What record label released the album containing "All Toorrow's Parties"?
What multinational banking and financial services corporation sponsored the 2007 Lexus Cup?
Which airport is closer in proximity to Richmond County, Georgia, Augusta Regional Airport, or Wichita Dwight D. Eisenhower National Airport?
The international ice hockey tournament held in 1976 featuring one of the greatest hockey players of all time Bobby Orr was called by what name?
Brigadier Stanley James Ledger Hill oversaw the evacuation of Brussels as well as the beach at De Panne during the evacuation of Dunkirk under which Field Marshall?
What is the occupation of the first wife of Robert Kardashian?
Are Bishop International Airport and Cherry Capital Airport located in the same state?
Which hurricane did this nor'easter that happened a year before the December 1992 nor'easter absorb and evolve back into a small hurricane?
Dadi Denis studied at a Maryland college whose name was changed in 1890 to honor what man?
Maryse Alberti was a cinematographer who worked on the Todd Haynes drama film set in Britain during what time period?
What is the ratio of the building material that is named for the Latin word "crushed" and sand used to stabilize buildings?
Who lived a longer life Hampar Kelikian or Arthur T. Gregorian?
What rugby game featured James Harris in 2012 and 2013?
The event that caused Sir Christopher Wren to design a new cathedral consumed how many houses?
How long did the award run in which the Best Newcomer at the 2008 Edinburgh Festival Fringe was also a notable finalist?
What year was the last time LSU Tigers had held the title they earned on January 4, 2004 at the Louisiana Superdome?
Who is younger, George Piranian or Colton Ford?
What was the release date of Seal's album that was produced by the Chairman of Verve Records from 2012 to 2016?
What record label are the duo of Chad Cisneros and David Reed associated with?
Which Italian Catholic priest and Renaissance humanist is best known for his textual analysis that proved that the Donation of Constantine was a forgery?
Anywhere but Home is a DVD that includes all four music videos by which debut studio album from Evanescence?
The 1925 Saint Mary's Gaels football team represented what private, coeducational college in Moraga, California?
Which American physician co found Charles Horace Mayo?
What menu item does Papa Gino's and LaRosa's Pizzeria have in common?
Who created the television series in which Sean Harris had the role of Micheletto Corella?
What was the real name of the criminal in which a 2008 British fictionalized biographical crime film was based on?
In what Rock film did Sylvestor Stallone star with a family member?
Are Jorge Amado and Anna Quindlen authors?
What is the county seat of a county located in the U.S. state of Nevada where the Sheep Range is found?
Which drink is more ingrained in a particular nation's culture, Rum Swizzle or Mulled wine?
When was Dwayne Johnson's father born?
Mary Cappello is featured in guest author blogs for this chain of bookstores in what us city?
The 18th Empire Awards are presented by a magazine first issued when?
In which year was Maxima Chan Zuckerberg's mother born?
What is the population of this town in Cumberland County, Maine, where Bridgeton is located?
Are both Claudio Monteverdi and Gaetano Donizetti Italian composers?
In which 2013 American heist thriller film directed by Louis Leterrier did this two-time Academy Award nominee of the television sitcom "Cheers" appear?
Who is older, Herta Müller or H. L. Mencken?
Which scientist lived longer, George Adomian or Edward Keonjian?
During the 2017-18 season, the Denver Nuggets appointed which former player to general manager?
In which year did the husband of Jean Case of the Case Foundation retire from the company he had co-founded?
The Media Project have panelists that include which president and chief executive officer of WAMC/Northeast Public Radio, a National Public Radio affiliate, a position he has held since 1981?
Corinne Marchand played the title role in what Agnes Varda film?
What nationality is Manny Mashouf the founder of Bebe Stores?
Who is a Nobel prize winner for literature, John Galsworthy or Fernando Pessoa?
Air Algérie Flight 5017 was operated by an airline headquartered in what country?
Focus Money is a spin-off of which magazine published by Hubert Burda Media?
Who wrote the book on which the film directed by Tate Taylor in 2016 was based?
In what year was Get Yourself High nominated for a grammy?
Where was the series of elaborate theatrical which Van and Schenck made appearance in productions on?
What are the names of the brothers who produced In Our Image?
Where was the dual placed between Ohio Bobcats and a university team of Youngstown, Ohio, United States?
The Market Street Bridge was named in honor of the principal of the cherokee nation from 1828-1866, and was described as what?
What is the name of a medication used to within a chemotherapy regimen?
What is the birthdate of this English professional footballer, who played with Chris Jones during his spell with the Yorkshire outfit?
Which quarterback in the Panthers–Seahawks rivalry was born in 1988?
When was the founder of TruthRevolt born?
What is the editorial stance of the newspaper that featured Paul Rimstead as a page 5 columnist?
Angel Coma is a split album by Earth and another band formed by what Stephen O'Malley and what other core member?
Route 66 State Park is located on the former site of a town 2 mi east of what city?
Hamza Bencherif plays as a defender or a midfielder for a division of the National League in England which is currently called Vanarama National League North for what reasons?
When was the English actress to which George Egerton was a friend born?
Filmmaker Greg Carter is from which Texas city in Harris County?
What female character appeared in a 1981 fantasy film directed by Matthew Robbins?
What village of population 27,253 is located in the 4th District of New York?
What year where both Allied intervention in the Russian Civil War and British campaign in the Baltic?
David T. Beito was a mentor to Fannie Lou Hamer and this american civil rights activist who was murdered by who?
Which genus, Farfugium or Comptonia contains more species?
Does Carl Barât use an instrument that Ian Astbury does not?
What is the name of the first single from the third album made the member of Take That that was born on 27 January 1972?
What is the name of author of the manga which inspired a 2014 television series starring the same actress who rose to popularity in "Boys Over Flowers"?
Which movie was produced first, Blackbeard's Ghost or Charley and the Angel?
Lost Songs from Lost Years was released by an indie rock band from which state?
In which movie did this American actress, comedian, writer, and producer who contributed to "Saturday Night Live" (1997–2006) and co-wrote "Live Show" appear in 2010?
What group of an estimated 500,000 is commonly referred to as Afghan?
What NBA basketball player was named NBA Rookie of the Year for the 2015–16 season and has an uncle who is a Bachata artist?
What month does Reloaded and The Sims 3 have in common?
Which ruler was the last ruler of the dynasty also known as the Lagids or Lagidae?
News UK is an owned subsidiary of which American mass media conglomerate?
Which mountain is higher, Distaghil Sar or Batura Sar?
Pale Lager and Hofmeister are both what type of beer?
Casey Dellacqua and Justine Henin are from Belgium?
Rick Barry named one of the 50 greatest players of all time replaced what player in the NBA All-Star Weekend H–O–R–S–E Competition?
For what state was the person who signed the Iran Nonproliferation Act of 2000 into law a governor?
In which period the son of John Hunyadi was a King of Hungary and Croatia?
What is the American subcompact automobile manufactured and marketed in America designed by Richard Teague?
Pioneer was the first album by the group formerly known as what?
Who created the record company that released the Strokes' debut studio album?
Bella Heathcote had a role as Gigi in the film from 2016 directed by whom?
Mino Raiola acts as what for Manchester United players Zlatan Ibrahimović, Paul Pogba and Romelu Lukaku?
What collaborator of Ed Manion's also performed on "A Christmas Gift for You from Phil Spector"?
Who was the temple that Herostratus sought to destroy dedicated to?
What is the name of the 1999 documentary that was narrated by the actor who portrayed Woody Boyd in Cheers?
What 58th quadrennial American presidential election did Bernie Sanders announce his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States?
Which composer, who won an Emmy award, shared a stage with Groucho Marx at Carnegie Hall in 1972?
Which English footballer, having played for St. Mary's Y.M.A., was born in Portsmouth?
Both Brian Warren and Jake Shields are considered what?
John Paul Tremblay stars alongside which other Canadian actor on Trailer Park Boys?
A police detective, author and former child actor who appeared on a show that had segments about making food and taking things apart, joined the police department in what year?
What other team did the Baker Mayfield play for before taking Trevor Knight's position?
Are both Wilhelm Reich and Kahlil Gibran Austrian psychoanalysts?
Who directed the Michael Jackson film for which Universal Hartland provided the visual effects?
Are Walt Disney and Sacro GRA both documentry films?
In what year was the writer of "Anne of the Island" born?
Which banker is considered the second largest in the world, BNP Paribas or China Construction Bank?
Meridiana destinations are also served by which subsidiary headquartered in Milan?
Savita Kovind is the wife of the politician who has been the President of India since what year?
Which country do Rolf de Heer and Ralph Smart have in common?
What country do the Chichele Lectures take place in?
What country did Eselealofa 'Ese' Apinelu manage Tuvalu's volleyball team in?
Which company did the great nephew of the commander of the Civil war work for?
Silver Birch was the winner of the John Smith's Grand National, not to be confused with the John Smith ________ in Tadcaster England?
Why did the adopted stray of the Clinton White House have to find a new home?
Who is the full Professor at Stockholm University who won a Nobel Peace Prize for the discovery of asymptomatic freedom in quantum chromodynamics?
Georgina Campbell won the British Academy Television Award for Best Actress in 2015 for her role along side which actor?
What year did the recorder of Young Man Mose die?
What state capital did Samuel Holyoke die in?
If it Feels Good Do it is featured in what 2004 film starring Emile Hirsch and Elisha Cuthbert?
How large is the crater on Titania that is named after Queen of Denmark in Hamlet?
What is the name of this French-Italian multinational electronics and semiconductor manufacturer headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland, and part of a joint venture with Ericsson called ST-Ericsson?
Who was the director of the 1972 British horror film in which the actor, who played Leopold Mozart in "Amadeus", played a role?
What Italian-American Mafia gangster was a cousin of Willie Moretti?
Which documentary premiered first, The Civil War or Prince Among Slaves?
When was the book written that the movie The Snowman was made after?
What year saw the release of the first album by the boy band featured in a remix of Todo Cambio?
Having the combination of excellent foot speed and bat speed helped Eric Davis, create what kind of outfield for the Los Angeles Dodgers?
Who released the album that "Stylo" was a single on in the United States?
How bad was the nuclear accident that Wendall Woodbury reported on?
Gen. John Stark House was acquired by what textile manufacturer which founded Manchester, New Hampshire?
ECI was established by Ben Affleck and another who if the daughter of who?
A water dragon in England known as a peg powler is similar to a water spirit connected to the monster in 'Beowul' called what?
Which movie is an American animated film, The Watercolor or Fantastic Mr. Fox?
Which magazine was published first, Who Put the Bomp or The Believer?
Who acquired the publisher of some of Ben Raab's stories?
The city that hosted the 1996 Summer Paralympics is the seat of what county?
What new computer design did the chief executive officer of Apple Inc.suggest?
What cocktail has more alcohol, the Apple-Kneel or the Corpse Reviver?
Anna Miełżyńska was the great-grandmother of which Queen consort of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Patriot Games is a spy thriller film, acted in by Harrison ford that is based on what?
Are Driver Friendly and Candlelight Red from the same country?
The music of Old Crow Medicine Show has been called a genre of music developed along with various North American dances such as square dancing, clogging and what?
What network did the show The Money Maze, which was hosted by Nick Clooney air on?
Pallavi Seshayyer was an expert of which form of singing in Carnatic music which allows the musicians to improvise to a great extent?
In which region of France was the opera Sabinus first performed?
Are Eurya or Syzygium jambos types of animals?
François Audouy designed "The Wolverine" and its 2017 sequel which goes by what name?
In which enclaved microstate did voters pass two referendums on 29 October 2013?
What television station did the series staring an actress that also was popular for her roles in "The Heirs" and "Descendants of the Sun" appear on?
Which Genus has more species Cryptomeria or Smilax?
The man that commissioned the Flint House is Honorary President of what institue?
Are McGhee Tyson Airport and Bradley International Airport both military airports?
Who is the yougest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon and Jeffrey Bonas that starred in the 2017 American supernatural horror film "The Bye Bye Man:?
What Korean-American singer is judging a Koran talent show?
What song by Richard and Karen Carpenter was covered on Nicki Fench's album Secrets?
Which Chairperson of the Organisation of African Unity is upheld by Sams’K Le Jah?
The producer of the 1983 American romantic drama film directed by Adrian Lyne that had an influence on other 1980s films including "Top Gun" (1986) is Chairman and CEO of which industry?
Which university offers more majors, University of South Florida or Ural Federal University?
Which major riverine port city on the South Bank in India publishes the Assamese daily newspaper Amar Asom?
The final stretch of the 2015 Chilean telethon was held at a stadium that has an official capacity of how much?
The castle David Gregory inherited in 1664 has how many storeys?
Milan, Washington is located along a railroad that operated until what year?
Who is older, Maria Sharapova or Heather Watson?
What is the birth year of this British Conservative Party politician, who won the Crewe and Nantwich by-election, 2008?
What is the current name of the city whose previous name is the same as the movie featuring the song "Humma Humma"?
The Rosedale Center serving 12 million visitors a year can be found on which bus rapid transit line in Twin Cities in Minnesota?
Who was the second wife of the artist who created pinscreen scenes for an Orson Welles film?
George Wichham has an addiction to a hobby which has harmful negative consequences. What is severe cases diagnosed as?
In what region of Italy did Wilfried Thurner earn his best finish in the Winter Olympics?
What film's song was played at the funeral of a second lieutenant in the United States Army?
The owner of the YouTube channel WinterSpringPro was partnered with which other YouTube personality for Amazing Race 22?
Charlie Simpson and Yang Seung-ho are both in musical groups consistiing entirely of which sex?
Anderson Silva has been lauded by the current president of what organization?
In what city did Isaac Merritt Singer's company use offices in 120 S. State St?
What type of alcoholic beverage is served at the brewery established in 1634 during the annual festival at Nockherberg?
What is the parent company of the non-British airline company for which William Mathew Walsh is CEO?
AKS Lytham was formed from the merger of King Edwards VII and Queen Mary School and which independent school in Blackpool, Lancashire, England?
"Two Dozen and One Greyhounds" was written by Mike Scully and guest starred Frank Welker as a pet greyhound who was introduced in a special called what?
Gyp Rosetti worked for the boss of which New York Crime Family?
Cecilia Pillado was born in Mendoza, Argentina, a province located on the eastern or western side of the Andes?
Preacher was an adaptation of the comic book written by the writer of what nationality?
Are both Yasunari Kawabata and Antonin Artaud from the same country?
Are Appleton International Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport in the same country?
During the 2010 Dutch general election, which current Prime Minister led the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy?
The crime drama that documents that murder of eight people in Notting Hill, London has how many parts?
What kind of motorcycle club was informant Dany Kane a member of?
How many novels did the writer of The Same Door write?
Colin Brady played in which 2004 dark comedy film adapted directed by Brad Silberling?
When did the man overthrown in the Libyan Crisis become the leader of Libya?
Where was the Belmont Mast and Skelton Transmitting Station based?
What horror film, typically involving a violent psychopath stalking and murdering several people, was Caitlin Gerard in?
Are Buckinghamia and Aronia both a genus of shrubs?
How much is spent on the type of whiskey that 1792 Whiskey is in the United States?
In what year was the rapper whose fifth studio album was "Welcome To Haiti: Creole 101" born?
Who has the highest scope of profession in Paul Rodgers or Bill Kaulitz?
Imiliya is a town located in what pilgrimage site?
Which airport is closer to its nearest major city, El Paso International Airport or Seattle–Tacoma International Airport?
Which of Zhucheng and Pingquan has more people?
Which careers did both Terence Young and Miklós Jancsó have in common?
What is the nickname of the boxer that Krzysztof Zimnoch has an amateur win over?
Which musician was born first, Lars Frederiksen or Thom Yorke?
What was the first appearance for the character that Bella Donna Boudreaux is commonly associated with?
The Last Blood is an action film that was made a year before the action film starting who as Inspector "Tequila" Yuen?
What is the date of birth of the person who was unsuccessfully challenged by R. J. Harris in 2010?
Is Stella K. Abraham High School for Girls located on the south shore or north shore of Long Island?
In what county is the Amos Morse House located at?
BT Finniss was the first premier of what South Australian town?
What was the inspiration for the movie "Strange Magic" that was written by David Berenbaum?
Are the Polish Lowland Sheepdog and the Cursinu both native to Europe?
What is the year of the event that occured second, Charles Le Grice was born, or Samuel Coleridge was born?
With which Jamaica-born singer-songwriter did Michael H. Shamberg work on music videos?
What region of northern Italy was Guido Romano born in?
What year was the man whose car failed to arrive to the 1950 Indianapolis 500 first the Italian champion?
Which American actor guest starred in the nineteenth episode of the sixth season of Futurama?
Who is more successful as an author, Rómulo Gallegos or James Patterson?
What year was the prequel to a film made whose sequel was directed by Bradley Raymond in which almost the entire key cast returned for the sequel?
Which man is credited for creating short evangelical gospel tracts?
Which Alpha Media owned radio station has its studios in the county seat of Palm Beach County, Florida?
Which genus of plant life is sometimes called a catchbirdtree, Pisonia or Brownea?
Quincy Jones and Jeff Bass are both what profession?
Which actress from "The Nanny" appeared in the 1987 crime thriller "Positive I.D"?
Between Stephan Elliott and Philippe Garrel who was born earlier?
Tina Ambani is married to the chairman of Reliance Group which operates in how many towns in India?
The 2004 German Grand Prix was held at the circuit in what valley?
Did John English and Sam Wanamaker direct films together?
Caesars Palace is located between The Mirage and a resort casino owned by what company?
When did the person who ruled over Per Stålhammar have rule?
Where did the documentary about the life of the first woman elected to serve as chief of the Cherokee Nation premier?
During what years was Jeff Brohm the head coach at Western Kentucky University?
Which National Football League team was coached by the same coach from the winning team in The Kick?
What was the english name of the song that launched the carrer of Nena?
Which film director and screenwriter, André Berthomieu or Derek Yee, was formally an actor?
Which writer was born first, Nelson Algren or Robert Desnos?
Who was the younger brother of the boxer that was voted Prospect of the Year for 2011 by "The Ring" magazine?
Artist FYÜTCH changed his stage name from Future to avoid confusion with a rapper from which state?
Both genus of plant, Worsleya and Quince, grow beautiful flowers. Which genus of plant is known to bear pome fruit?
Including this First Nations tribe located in Maine, how many are linked in a confederation?
Are California State University, Long Beach and Old Dominion University both located in California?
Which filmmaker is not German, David Gordon Green or Detlev Buck?
Where do the winners of the 2008 New Orleans Bowl play their home games?
In between Three Fish and Live which one is from American rock band from York?
The Terror of the Transvaal is a comic story starring a character created by whom?
Which stadium did Aukland Warriors use prior to playing a match at the first stadium in the world to host two Rugby World Cup Finals?
What type of band is both Wire and Electrasy considered?
What was the first film in the series for which Goblin provided the soundtrack for "Dawn of the Dead"?
Which drink has less ingredients, a Porchcrawler or a Godfather?
The Urswick School was named after a close friend of Henry VII and which grandmother of Henry VIII?
What was the larger conflict surrounding the revolt led by Ralph de Gael?
During the 2005 All-Pacific-10 Conference season, the Pat Tillman Pac-10 Co-Defensive Players of the Year award was given to Dale Robinson and a man that current plays for what NFL team?
Are Mamoru Oshii and Pam Veasey of different nationalities?
What was the final race ran by the man won the the men's Great North Run in 2015?
Which of the following writers was a professor at the College de France from 1981 to 1993: Yves Bonnefoy or James Agee?
Who is the director of the film for which Roschdy Zem shared the award for Best Actor at the 2006 Cannes Film Festival?
What profession does John Dos Passos and Joe R. Lansdale have in common?
In how many countries, was this 2-seater hatchback Microcar manufactured and marketed by this group led by Annette Winkler?
Are both Phalaris and Chamaelirium types of plants?
Between Poor Old Lu and Atlas Genius, which band has more members?
Which band Jesus Jones or Morcheeba was formed first?
Who is from farther north, A-ha or Sound Team?
She Bangs is a song performed by a Puerto Rican singer, actor, and author, who began his career in what all-boy pop group?
Rutherford Rud Rennie was a friend and confidante of what American baseball first baseman who played for the Yankees from 1923-1939?
Which Hollywood figure is older, Angelina Jolie or Michael Anderson?
Are David Byrne and Justin Pierre both musicians?
What is the nationality of the professional basketball player for the Atlanta Hawks who played alongside Jahil Okafor and Tyus Jones in 2014–15 Duke Blue Devils men's basketball team?
Are Tim O'Brien and Erica Jong of the same nationality?
What former position was played by one of the analytic hosts of the 2014 National League Championship Series on Fox Sports 1?
Did Ivan Lendl or Lisa Raymond reach a high rank in singles tennis?
Which of the following cases affirmed a defendant's right to have a competency evaluation before trial: Aptheker v. Secretary of State or Dusky v. United States?
Do both Nude and Haim feature only three members?
Dreams from My Father, a memoir by Barack Obama which explores his life up until 1988, makes mention of his mother who was born where?
Are Architectural Digest and Boys' Life both considered to be magazines?
Between Dane County Regional Airport and John F. Kennedy International Airport, which airport serves smaller population?
When did the war started in which the Type 92 10 cm Cannon was used by the Imperial Japanese Army?
The owner of the painting The Madonna del Granduca held what title from 1805-1814?
Beyond Our Ken and High Paddock were connected though what?
Who defeated Sander Levin in the Michigan gubernatorial election, 1970?
Allan Sherman's biggest hit single was a comic novelty to the tune of a short ballet and act 3 finale of what opera?
Which public relations firm that works with CPR also helped to devise the Swift Boat Veterans for Truth campaign attacking John Kerry’s Vietnam War record in the 2004 presidential race?
How many decades did the company, which produced The Flintstones, dominate American television animation?
S.Easwara Varma is a violinist who has accompanied an Indian vocalist who is one of ten musicians to receive the Madras Music Academy's Sangeetha Kalanidhi before they turned what?
Are Madera Canal and Franklin Canal both located in Texas?
R.C. Bannon had ties to Barbara Mandrell through who?
What American cable channel held the last winter Olympics that also held the summer Olympics in the same year?
Robert Lawrence was severely injured in a war that started when?
Jim is one of two major fictional characters in a classic novel first published in the United Kingdom in what year?
Where did the White Ship, in which William Bigod drowned, sink?
Is there any relation between the movies called Ring of Fire and American Jobs?
Are Quarto and Strange Synergy both types of games?
How much of the Netherlands is affected by the problem regulated by the Hoogheemraadschap van Rijnland?
Which American actor is a cast in The End of Violence?
Which band is from the United States, Greek Fire or Ned's Atomic Dustbin?
Who died from a musket wound in September 1780 fighting against European colonies need for labor?
What 4x100 metres relay sprinter won a bronze at the British Commonwealth Games in Edinburgh, Scotland?
Which of the Spanish sports club based in Tarragona did José María Calvo had loan spells?
What profession did Karl Shapiro and Brendan Behan have in common?
Which state has a college football team that won a Rose Bowl the year prior to losing in a Buffalo Wild Wings Bowl?
Shark Creek is located on this river which is in the northern rivers district?
What band hails from more westward, 8stops7 or X Ambassadors?
Were László Benedek and Norman McLaren of the same nationality?
Graeme Atkins's final VFL match was in round 16, 1989 against Hawthorn at a football ground officially known by what sponsored name?
Which American television comedy writer wrote The Winter of His Content?
What nationality are the directors Craig Schlattman and Ian Schneider?
The cinema of Thailand dates back to which era when motion picture cameras were invented and film production companies started to be established?
Which defenceman for the Detroit Red Wings, considered to be one of the greatest defensemen in NHL history, is featured in the Nintendo DS game, Backyard Hockey?
Paddy Wallace was a member of the Ireland U19 team that included the future outside centre for which Irish provincial team?
Who was the wife of Niel Hamilton who also pitched the pilot to a cooking show that inspired Posh Nosh?
The actress who plays the physical therapist that Rafe in "Days of Our Lives" falls in love with is also know for her role in what other television show?
What character is initially introduced in 1996's "A Game of Thrones is played by Hafþór Júlíus "Thor" Björnsson?
The Ireland-Gardiner Farm is located in what Long Island census-designated place?
Which 1971 drama film starred a professional football player?
The artist that released the debut album "Who Came First" was the lead guitarist and main songwriter for what band?
In which year was the first performance of the musical which features a character named Mr. Mistoffelees?
What is the name of the rockband that stars Scooter Ward and has won two gold-albums?
Which of Time magazines 100 most influential people in the world made a guest appearance in Billu?
Jimmy Eriksson will race in the last 2016 GP2 Series before it gets renamed?
Which battle was fought for a shorter period of time, the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River, or the Meuse-Argonne Offensive?
Auguste Charlois who discovered 317 Roxane named for Roxana from what area?
What is the former name of the house named after a prominent philanthropist?
What is the country in which Stuart Blacker taught at a Grammer School?
Who founded the Krusty Krab in Spongebob Squarepants?
What producer do both "The Zeta Project" and "Batman Beyond" have in common?
Hush is a song from this Debut EP produced and engineered by who?
Which Colombian retired footballer who played as a striker born in 1968 hampered Orlando Maturana from joining the national team?
Invincible is based on the story of the player who played two seasons with which WFL team?
Who is from farther west, Andrew Roachford or Mac Powell?
What is unique about the ski resort near the towns of Danbury and Andover in central New Hampshire?
Maple Hill in Sussex County, N.J. lies on which interstate hiking trail?
"Hot Hot Hot!!!" is a single from a studio album by what kind of rock back?
Keannekeuk was known as a prophet and spiritual leader of what Algonquian-speaking Native American people?
What is the middle name of the man who wrote and performed the single "Sweet Caroline (Good Times Never Seemed So Good)"?
Are both Andy Partridge and James LaBrie singers?
The special division's constitutionality was upheld by which 1988 United States Federal Court Case?
Between Flight of the Conchords and The Used, which group has more members?
Where in Jacksonville is the company that was established in 1978 located?
Stuart Besser is a film producer that has appeared as an actor in a film directed by who?
Latania and Arundina are types of flora that are native to which ocean?
Zema Williams is in a number of television commercials with a former American football running back who played college football where?
Are the bands The Rain Parade and Jawbox from the same cities?
What was the name of the summer residence of Prince Carl of Denmark's close confidant Count Peder Anker Wedel-Jarlsberg?
The career of How to Smuggle the Hernia Across the Border star Tony Curtis spanned how many decades?
Which board game was created in Finland, King Oil or Inkan aarre?
Which university is a private university, Massachusetts Institute of Technology or University of Missouri System?
What staff college is located on Aquidneck Island?
Which modern day states were a part of the 14th century Turco-Mongol empire?
Who is the vocalist on Skintight and started as a vocalist for Theatre of Tragedy?
Did Stevie Ray Vaughan or Hugh Cornwell have a longer mainstream career span?
Both Almeda Sperry and Emma Golman were and anarchist and what?
Who produced the television series which had the fictional character "Inque"?
What was the nationality of the star of 7 Faces of Dr. Lao?
The members of American punk rock band Green Day have a side band called "Foxboro Hot Tubs", the singer goes by a different name. What name does he use?
What is the birthdate of Republican Vice Presidential nominee that used the slogan "Drill, baby, drill!" during the vice-presidential debate?
In what season of the 2017 year is the Netflix German language series that Anatole Taubman will appear in, scheduled to be released?
Who directed the comedy written by the duo known as "Franken & Davis"?
What havr Jack Russell and and Robert Lamm both done?
The society that operates the Mayflower House Museum was founded in what year?
The creator of the Cincinnati Musical Center half dollar is also the creator of what other coin?
What did the O'Chiese First Nation trade in "Fur trade"?
Who formed the band Kamelot featuring Sascha Paeth?
What league did Crlos Boozer join after being cut by the Chicago Bulls in 2014?
What was the occupation of the Turk born in 1238 who has a name that is popular among Métis and Aboriginals in the Northwest of North America?
What Mexican city had an Athletic Club whose football team played in the Primera Fuerza in 1943?
Which Major General was a Marine for 34 years and has received two separate Medals of Honor like Marine Daniel Daly?
What is the name of the non-commercial college radio station owned by a university located 25 miles northwest of Boston?
How many games were won during his career by the right-handed pitcher whose deadly beanball in 1920 is featured in "The Pitch That Killed" by Mike Sowell?
Where was the Bengali Indian musician which Arup Chattopadhyay has performances with born?
What category of racing does Daniel Ricciardo and Red Bull RB11 compete in?
Along with Helen Carter, what is the name of the member of "Mother Maybelle and the Carter Sisters" who wrote "Juke Box Blues"?
Is the Herald or The Liberator Magazine published further north?
Which movie was filmed more recently, Scared Straight! or The Fearless Freaks?
What is the single word name of the island that housed a federal prison from 1934 to 1963?
John Taylor served as a junior minister under a British politician who led the conservative party between which years?
What American attorney currently represents New York's 10th Congressional District?
Kubilay "Kubi" Türkyilmaz completed his international career as the all-time joint leading goal scorer for a team known in German as what?
What type of judgement does Boston and Sacco and Vanzetti have in common?
Who covered the song "Thank God I'm a Country Boy" written by John Martin in an album released in 2003?
In which year was the album released which included the single "Long Kiss Goodnight", which was used as a sample in the song "Rap name"?
The actress best known for her performance as Margery in the original Broadway cast of "Hand To God" appeared in what 2012 superhero comedy film?
Port Bouet Airport is the main hub of the flag carrier based in what city?
Upper Waitohi has a monument dedicated to an inventor in aviation. Who is this inventor?
Karl Kraepelin specialized in the study of what predatory arachnids?
Oliver Goodall belong to a group of military pilots formed from what Fighter Group?
Are Gene Nelson and Rainer Werner Fassbinder both American directors?
Are Give Us Our Skeletons and Dave Chappelle's Block Party both comedies?
The journalist who contributed to The New Statesman wrote a 1999 book about whom?
What part of New York did the 1976 New York Mets season's home games take place?
Who directed the British documentary that covered the killing of the wife of the 1970s punk rock scene?
At which university did this American writer, lawyer, actor, and commentator on political and economic issues, who appeared in the 1993 comedy-drama film "Me and the Kid" get a law degree?
Which magazine covers more topics, Essence or Mothering?
What is the common name for things such as Maltose, Sucrose or saccharide?
Which school in the Kansas Unified School District 233 has the Owl for a mascot?
What is that largest loyalty card scheme company in the UK that is managed by a company listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange?
What is formed through a reaction of (CH)C(CHOH) and Carbonyl Chloride?
David Berman was a partner with what mobster who was a driving force behind the development of the Las Vegas Strip?
Avengers: Infinity War featured which Canadian actress and model?
Ernst Stuhlinger developed which kinds of systems with the man who invented the V-2 rocket?
The Millennium Falcon appears in a 2014 3D computer-animated adventure comedy film that was directed by Phil Lord and who else?
What was name of the most important land tax upheld by feudalism under the king?
What opera house whose first Opera staging was Beethovens "Fidelio" had a guest conductor born November 6th 1978 in Valencia, Spain?
Which city names comes from Buyeo, Fuyu, Jilin or Yanji?
Dorsa Whiston was named after which English theologian?
Who is the retired Nigerian Army general whom eventually appointed the vice admiral, Ibok-Ete Ekwe Ibas, to Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) of the Nigerian Navy?
In what film did Richard Harris play the Archdeacon of Notre Dame?
What actress played supporting roles in the movie "Shout" and the movie "Swingers" featuring Vince Vaughn?
What musical instrument does Amaan Ali Khan and Amjad Ali Khan both play?
What type of industry does Macao and Gloria Grahame have in common?
How many members actually compete in the conference in which the Northwestern Wildcats compete?
Which great American architect was the mentor of Carter Manny, creator of many public buildings around Chicago?
In what specific part of the state is the village that us 1 km north of the gateway to the Southern Highlands?
An artist who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in April 2014 appeared in what film that contained the track "Bad Man"?
Bobby Cox, born in 1941, lead the Atlanta Braves 44th season but how many season did the team have overall?
Where are both Nanchang and Dongguan located?
Nyle DiMarco's partner on Dancing with the Stars is which ethnicity?
Muir Site is located in this region of Kentucky which makes up what part of the state?
What famous document of the United States reflects the contributions to classical republicanism and liberal theory of the author of A Letter Concerning Toleration?
Who founded the largest classical ballet company in Australia for which Roma Egan was notably a senior soloist?
The church at the north end of the village of Skenfrith, Monmouthshire, Wales is named for what patron saint of Ireland?
Trip to Bhangarh is a 2014 Bollywood horror-thriller film starring a film and television actress who has an MBA in what?
What relationship does Nicole Mitchell Murphy have to Eddie Murphy?
The song Treat You Better was included in an album that debuted where on the US "Billboard" 200?
What member of the English rock band Pink Floyd sang Perfect Sense, Part I?
What was Niel Barnard title during F. W. de Klerk state presidency from Aug 1989 to May 1994?
Which seaside resort is 11 mi south of Bolney?
What former New York governor had his biography written by sports writer Frank Graham, Sr?
Who was an enemy of the fictional character worked on by Esad T. Ribic that was the adoptive brother of Thor?
Are the genuses Cyanotis and Syzygium both found in Africa?
What Dutchman was born in 1585 and had a lunar crater Jansen named after him?
Cacareco inspired which party in Canada that lasted from the 1960s to the 1990s?
Kim Eui-sung is a south korean actor who starred in the film Office directed by who?
The Kranji War Memorial was dedicated to the men and women who died defending against the invading forces during a war that involved how many people?
What college footaball team played at soldier field for their home games and still went 9-0 for one season?
The bassist for Marianas Trench and Alice in Chains share what common first name?
What works based loosely on characters from the Norse sagas and the "Nibelungenlied" were first organized into a studio recording by John Royds Culshaw OBE?
The manager of the 2008–09 Fulham F.C. is the current manager of what team?
What team was owned by the Benetton family and participated in the 2000 Canadian Grand Prix?
What political alignment is the media group organized by Lydia Sargent?
What year was the film released, which starred the character in which the band Bickley is named after?
What book was based on the journals of a man born on May 4th, 1916?
Are Lee Daniels and Robert Zemeckis both directors?
Jo In-sung stars in the 2017 political crime thriller released in what country?
Which state was the 2011 ISAF Sailing World Championships - Star held in?
Which film starring Ben Kingsley gained Tom Smith his 1982 Academy Award nomination?
The Big Blue is between Sydney FC and another team that competed in the AFC how many times?
Which alternative/punk band from Moscow has a track called "The Time of X"?
When was the American comedian, actor and musician died who was best known for his "intense energy and raucous attitude" and also worked with Layne "Shotgun" Britton?
Which dog breed, Drentse Patrijshond or Ratonero Murciano de Huerta, is a Spanish breed of dog originating from Murcia?
The 2006 Louisville Cardinals represented the Big East in the 2007 Orange Bowl held at what location?
Which tv show was Michael David Rapaport in with Courteney Cox?
Were both Fielder Cook and J. J. Abrams television directors?
Which concerto is dedicated to a Polish-American virtuoso pianist born in 1870?
Which musical artist is in a duo with the American rapper who released the single "Rock City"?
Which movie came out more recently, Jackass Number Two or Seoul Train?
Spanish Hill was previously occupied by Native Americans who are a subdivision of a larger group speaking what language?
Michael Howell and Peter Ford first published a biography in 1980 of which man who is known for his severe deformities and lived at the London Hospital?
Virginia Harrington Knauer was the mentor and good friend to which woman to serve in both the Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush presidential administrations?
Brannen Temple was the drummer for the singer-songwriter and vocalist of what R&B/rock band?
What year did the English actor, who starred in Night Train to Venice and has won a Golden Globe, breakthrough in the film industry?
The Hillsboro Hops prepare players for what professional American sports league?
Hooker with a Penis was from the album produced by whom?
The Death and Life of John F. Donovan stars an English actor born in what year?
Mike Rozier, running back for the Pittsburg Maulers also played for what other team?
As of 2010, what was the population where the Village of Westbury is located?
What departed "Gossip Girl" cast member was born in 1993?
The "To You I Belong" singers broke up when when which member decided to leave?
What two countries participated in the war between 1617-1618 in order to take Polish pressure off of Russia?
What album was R.E.M. song "Strange Currencies" on?
How densely populated is this state, where one of the last actions, Battle of Point Judith, took place, compared to other U.S. states?
During what war did many Russians leave Afghanistan?
The Golden Triangle where the fortune of an American entrepreneur and engineer who invented what was made?
What is the lyricist of "Ghar Ka Chirag" remembered as?
What "Full House" actor co-wrote an album released in September 2012?
Who starred in The Man in 3B in 2015 and in Greenleaf in 2016?
What county is Fontbonne Academy located in?
What military installation that defended the eastern entrance to Long Island Sound as part of the Harbor Defenses of Long Island Sound is on Fishers Island?
Who was Henry Kitchener, 3rd Earl Kitchener's great uncle?
Which battle occurred first in history, The Battle of Hürtgen Forest or The Battle of Gettysburg?
What movie did "the king of cool" play in with Bud Ekins as his stunt double?
Which football team coached by Mike Sherman lost against the 2009 Georgia Bulldogs football team?
Bluetown, Texas is across the border from what town in Mexico?
What was the full name of the author that memorialized Susan Bertie through her single volume of poems?
Who's disco hit from 1979, was sung by Jesus in 2005?
Who was the grandfather of the only reigning Scottish Queen?
Which two careers did Sholem Asch and Orson Scott Card have in common?
Are both The Best of Walt Disney's True-Life Adventures and The Legend of Lobo documentary films?
What Roman Goddess if wisdom and strategic warfare is featured on wood as a pignora imperii?
Which Thornton Wilder play did Jerome Alden's wife dance in on the original Broadway production?
Are Charles Olson and Gay Talese both poets?
Of the two games, Amun-Re and Löwenherz, which game was published in 2003?
Besides having a record making the Billboard 200, what other accomplishment did Yanni reach?
Who was the party promoter who served almost 17 years for manslaughter and the movie Party Monster was about?
When was the 2nd single on OutKast's 3rd album released?
What producer works on the twelfth incarnation of Hanna-Barbera's "Scooby-Doo"?
The player who hit the most home runs in a single season played how many seasons of Major League Baseball?
This 2013 independent documentary film focuses on a fretted string instrument of what family?
In 2001 who on the Oakland Raiders forced a fumble against 5 time Super Bowl champ Tom Brady?
On what date did the final episode of the South Park season containing "Cripple Fight" air?
Christian Soucy is a former professional ice hockey goaltender who is considered the NHL's version of what major league baseball player who appeared in one game for the Giants on June 29, 1905?
What song did Alice Cucini and Charles-Camille Saint-Saens work on together?
The Ohm is named after someone who began his research while working what job?
Which game, Modern Art or GridIron Master, is of Canadian origins?
Which lasted longer, the Battle of Belleau Wood or the Battle of Leyte?
Where is the college located that Brian McGilloway currently teaches at?
Who directed the1973 animated science fiction film in which the imagery was delivered by French cartoonist Roland Topor?
Refuge Robert Blanc is a refuge in the Alps located on the route of a popular walk that is roughly how long?
The band that performed a song used worldwide as an anti-fascist hymn was formed in what year?
What was the original spelling of the name of the coloratura soprano who sang in Verdi's La Traviata at the Aix-en-Provence Festival?
Olivia Diaz is a member of a state assembly that consists of how many members?
The electronic rock due Breathe Carolina's second album was produced by which two composers?
Arjun Kapoor and Boney Kapoor are both in which country's film industry?
Introduced in the Broadway musical starring Fred and Adele Astaire, the song Oh, Lady Be Good! was written by whom?
DFS Group is majority owned by the shareholder of what nationality?
In what city did Lester Everett Lyles play for the New York Jets?
What were the Black Russian Terrier and the Samoyed dog breeds used for?
The former presenter of the afternoon shows on BBC Coventry and Warwickshire has also hosted from a 1040-seat thrust stage theatre owned by what company?
Who was previously in a boyband, Dani Filth or Takahiro Moriuchi?
The Black Halo features a guest appearance by a Dutch symphonic metal band, that was founded by who?
Who was the Soviet aircraft designer that worked with Leonid Kerber?
When was released the first single of an album of an american country music singer that has charted four singles on the Hot Country Songs Charts?
The song "Dancing in the Dark" was recorded for the soundtrack to a film based on a children's book by what author?
What state did the 2013 Clemson Tigers football team derive in?
Home Fire is novel that reimagines a tragedy by Sophocles written in or before what year?
In the screenplay Sweethearts, Victor Herbert's play was was used. What type of performance was this?
What did the second largest brewing company in Europe buy in 2008?
What is the nickname of the former head football coach of a federally operated tribal university located in Kansas?
What was the record for the head football coach of this private four-year Christian-based college founded in Salina, Kansas, United States?
Which movement has its cradle in the neighborhood where the tavern Julius can be found?
Michael Nonbo has represented which top-tier team from Sydbank Park in the Superliga?
Which movie is older, Melody Time or Old Yeller?
The 3s Cable Car was developed by a company in which canton in Switzerland?
The town in which the Suncook Lakes is located had a population of what at the 2010 census?
What is the name of the Roller Coaster that shares an area with the Kali River Rapids and is about the Yeti protecting the Forbidden Mountain next to Mount Everest?
What Soviet-born Dutch-British physicist wrote a paper that described devices that contained just one, two, or three atomic layers?
David Lane of The Order encourages white nationalists to move to which 5 states?
X Games XV It took place at a multi-purpose sports arena that opened on what date?
Who won a Grand Slam singles title first, Thomas Muster or Goran Ivanišević?
In which city was the band formed in which Steven Stanley played with David Byrne?
New York State Route 25D had its name changed to what route, split into two segments, as of 1958?
Boston and Skegness is represented in the House of Commons by which politician and former journalist?
What is the American singer-songwriter who Erik Jacobsen work with best known for?
The album titled Omo Baba Olowo by Davido was produced by who?
What band that Mike Peters worked with was formed in Dunfermline, Fife, in 1981?
Which region is this tribal group from who fought against the United States Army alongside Palus, Schitsu'umsh (Coeur d'Alene), Spokan, and Yakama warriors at the Battle of Spokane Plains?
Which is a genus of plants within the daisy family, Auranticarpa or Silphium?
What video collection by Ian Levine was filmed on Central Drive in the seaside town of Blackpool, Lancashire in Northern England and featured American Rhythm and Blues singer Rose Batiste?
Conspiracy and Löwenherz, or Domaine, are both examples of what kind of entertainment?
The racetrack that the first race of the 2000 Formula One season was held at, is located around what lake?
For what team does the 17th pick of the NHL draft that included Jack Campbell and Brock Nelson play professionally?
Texas Tech University and Brigham Young University are both research universities, but are they both public?
What was the profession of the man who called Log College's structure very plain in his journal?
When was the game starring Altair released for Playstation 3?
Which airport is located in Florida, Hilo International Airport or Vero Beach Regional Airport?
What kind of transit system is the M1 part of?
Bear Paw Ski Bowl is a ski area that draws people from a recreaton area of what tribe?
What city and state was the 1973 film, which starred Gary Kurtz, set?
The No Taxpayer Funding for Abortion Act bill was introduce by Dan Lipinski and a politician that represents which congressional district?
Which band was formed first, Counting Crows or Belle and Sebastian?
What mythology worships the deities/gods: Kū, Kanaloa, Kāne, and Lono?
What is the name of this independent municipality that has an area less than 9 km and has the street of Vesterbrogade running through it?
What Shin Tae-ra directed film featured former musical theatre actor Kang Ji-hwan?
The soundtrack Movin' with Nancy includes the hit single "Some Velvet Morning", a song composed by which American country and pop singer, songwriter, and record producer?
Who directed the 1988 film in which the exterior of the abandoned W.S. Kelly gas station and general store in Cogar can be seen?
The Green Corn Rebellion was an act that tried to stop enforcement of enlistement during what war?
The Bentley Continental Flying Spur shares its platform with a car described by Volkswagen as what?
Are both Jimmie Ross and Jang Hyun-seung Americans?
Question: What is the name of Queen Elizabeth's ll father? answer: King George Vl?
Pet Shop Boys recorded a cover of the Brenda Lee track that was written by whom?
Which one of Canada's three Maritime provinces is The Back Bay Formation a geologic formation in?
Which magazine was published first, Arthur's Lady's Home Magazine or The Lady?
Iru Mugan stars the actress who has won which two awards for her work?
Alvin C. York Institute was founded by a soldier from what branch of the military?
What island is represented by the breed of dog that killed Diane Alexis Whipple?
Do Barbarea and Conradina originate from different countries?
Were Monte Melkonian and Tatev Abrahamyan both chess players?
Which Fox game show did the actor who played the taxi driver hostage from the film collateral go on to host?
The Klansman starred what American singer, dancer, and actress, who was born in 1942?
Who was the former chairman of a Venezuela-owned American refiner?
Which court case took place first, Graham v. Florida or United States v. Windsor?
What female author whose works are known to interpret, critique and comment upon the British landed gentry at the end of the 18th century is related to Eliza, Comtesse de Feuillide?
Which genus has more species, Eomecon or Epipactis?
Charles Frederick Biggs was born on an island with what population as of the 2010 census?
Which party princesses fictional character is voiced by Eva Bella?
"Nature abhors a vacuum" or Horror vacui was challenged by this mathematician and engineer from Alexandria whose work represents what type of scientific tradition?
Which of the Seven Wonders of the Ancient World contained a hemihekte in its foundation?
Who was a producer who produced albums for both rock bands Juke Karten and Thirty Seconds to Mars?
What category would both X-COM and Gnip Gnop fall under?
Prime Minister and I starred the singer and actress who debuted in what group?
What is the nationality of the striker who scored 19 league goals for Blackburn Rovers in the 2007-08 season?
The nationall park where much of the film "Seminole" was shot is visited by an average of how many people a year?
When did the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania-based promotion that Damien Kane is best known for close?
Are Kenneth Clark and Carol Shields both nationals of English speaking countries?
What record does George Burns share with a member of the St. Louis Cardinals?
The male lead of the show Singer & Sons was nominated for Emmy Awards how many times?
What river is located 5 miles east of Terrington St Clement?
In which month of 1964 was Middleton Island raised 12 ft above sea level?
Constance Ortmayer designed the coin that was first struck in what year?
What Disney film starring Damion Poitier and Cuba Gooding Jr. was released in 2002?
Who wrote the film, based on a novel by Stephen King, in which Polish-American actor and comedian Robert Prosky appeared in 1983?
Who is older, Caroline Wozniacki or Jared Palmer?
What profession does Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and Gaetano Donizetti have in common?
Which of the following is a New York based monthly music and lifestyle magazine: Inked or Global Rhythm?
Which best selling Electronic Arts' Sports series features She's Got Me Dancing?
What Indian actress starred in a six part British drama miniseries called Guerrilla?
For which conflict did the Canadian Government award the Canada General Service Medal for attacks by an Irish Republican organization based in the United States against British army forts and custom posts in Canada?
What type of gesture does Minority languages of Austria and Austrian State Treaty have in common?
TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs was a wrestling event featuring which American wrestler and rapper in the main event?
The cathedral that was the home of the organs Dirk Andries Flentrop restored in 1977 was built in sections between what years?
Silver Lining was recorded for the film directed by whom?
Unitarian Sarah Fuller Flower Adams wrote what hymn based on the story of Jacob's dream?
What do Al-Nayrizi and Avicenna have in common?
In the film "Royal Flash" Florinda Bolkan played the role of a dancer born in what year?
Which train runs non stop between Hebden Bridge and a railway station serving the town of Burnley, Lancashire, England?
Pasek and Paul are a duo that won an Academy Award for the song that was performed by whom in La La Land?
Yahya Abdul-Mateen II starred in what 2017 action comedy film?
What Australian actress played the lead role in the 2013 American film based on Isaac Marion's novel of the same name?
Was Nick Heyward a better guitarist than Yeo Hoon-min?
Operation Soberanía was a planned invasion due to a conflict over the possession of what islands?
What award was the creator of Gandalf nominated for?
How many total books were there in the series containing the Wood between the Worlds?
Who is Bugsy Siegel's friend and fellow gangster whose employee was murdered by Siegel in 1939?
When was the actor who played the War Doctor born?
Worker: The 2015 Canadian documentary film directed by Matthew Smiley and narrated by Nathan Fillion focuses on this notorious series of murders and disappearances of aboriginal women in British Columbia on this section of which highway?
When was the computer-animated short comedy film based on the film "Over the Hedge" by Will Finn directed?
Omni Group's DICT client differs from the application known as Dictionary, developed by what company as part of macOS?
Both Liam Smith and Stephen Smith are considered what?
The Washington Monthly and Electronic Design are both made in what Country?
Manulife Plaza is an office skyscraper located on an island that as of 2008 had how many inhabitanrs?
The coach of the 2017 Houston Texans coached which team from 2012 to 2013?
What Frank Loesser song was covered on Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album?
What is the year of the event which occured first, Crystal Waters was released, or Dennis Rodman was born?
When was the low-brow art magazine of which George Petros was a contributing editor of founded?
Which mountain is higher, Chamlang in Nepal, or the notoriously craggy "Ogre", Baintha Brakk in Pakistan?
What film stars Will Smith as police officer, and Happy Anderson as a human who works for the FBI's magic division?
Who owned the American music publishing company to which Extreme Music/Bleeding Fingers was a production arm?
Verdoy Schoolhouse is a historic one-room school building located at a hamlet located just south of where?
What animated creatures were the title characters of the film which was based one of the most frequently performed plays written by William Shakespeare early in his career?
Who wrote the play where Joanna Horton appeared as Helena?
What was the 1978 BBC musical drama serial that Rosemary Martin acted in?
Which band has more members, Peter Bjorn and John or The Pretty Reckless?
How did the composer of the second single from "Loud" begin her career?
Who made an unsuccessful bid to fill the US Senate seat vacated by the Senate Majority Leader from 2003 to 2007?
Which has more square feet, 55 Hudson Yards or Manhattan West?
What is the birthdate of this Danish former professional boxer who held the IBO heavyweight title and who worked with Mogens Palle?
What is the name of the stadium where the 2020 Summer Olympics commonly known as Tokyo 2020 be held?
Licensed to Kill and Stations of the Elevated are both what?
Which band lasted longer, Catherine or Das Damen?
Are Prince of Wales and Jägerbomb both beer-based mixed drinks?
The Officer's Guide to Police Pistolcraft forms the basis for which agency of the Massachusetts Office of Public Safety?
Ingsoc was an ideology that was used by the people who were living in what fictional land in 1984?
What was the profession of Nathaniel Gist's reputed son?
The 37th Air Army was equipped with what bomber whose NATO reporting name is "Bear"?
George D. Weber lost to the incumbent Representative who was a member of what party?
Who was the incumbent president who was the wife of Néstor Kirchner?
Which musican has the greatest instrumental skill Matt Thiessen or Steve Marriott:?
What present-day region was the historic base of these Iroquoian-speaking indigenous people who believed in the small, winged sprite of Native American mythology?
What two models of a gaming laptop, manufactured by a company that originally purchased this line of computers from IBM in 2005, were missing a feature known as a TrackPoint?
From Fear to Eternity includes Iron Maiden releases from the eighth studio album, which included their first line-up change since what year?
Who was born on May 20, 1968 and portrays Givens on Justified?
In what year was the writer of music and lyrics for the album "A Very StarKid Album" born?
How many album has the band who created "The Anomalies of Artificial Origin" album released?
When was the first woman commissioner of the Metropolitan Police Department in London born?
What country do both La Recolets Cemetery and Federico Lacroze share?
What award has the person for whose films Alto Reed has recorded soundtracks received?
What role did this Italian-American stage, film, and television actor who appeared in "House of Pleasure for Women" play in the movie "Death Wish" (1974)?
Robert de Clifford was an English soldier who lived in which town overlooking the River Eden?
D. B.'s Delight was produced by which Meredith Corporation-owned CBS station?
Who is the director of the 2005 film which is a remake of the 1933 film of the same name and in which James Newton Howard scored?
What team does the former mentor of the French professional footballer who plays for the German club Bayern Munich while he played for FC Metz currently manage?
Island in the Sky is a 1953 American aviation adventure drama film starring and co-produced by an actor who won the Academy Award for which film?
Searchlight Rag is a composition by a composer dubbed as the King of what?
Which song composed by Ray Henderson was played on by Warner Brothers in the cartoon Bye, Bye Bluebeard?
In what decade are the works of Neil Tennant and Kim Wilson known for?
Martin Droeshout worked with the financial manager for the King's men on which famous piece?
Who was the director of 2015 American biographical crime drama film in which Isaac Liev Schreiber appeared in?
What is the name of the mother of the Crown Prince who is the patron of the Royal Academy of Music in Denmark?
Who publishes more magazines a year, Grazia or Oh Comely?
Are Emily Haines and Dickie Peterson both singers?
Who did the team coached by Bob Stoops play in the 2008 Dr. Pepper Big 12 Championship Game?
Which film starred Harrison Ford and depicted the fictional planet Yavin?
Which judge of the show 'Internet Icon' was born on June 6, 1990?
Index of Effluency is the top prize awarded in a series of endurance races that holds the Guinness World Record for what?
One of the winners of the 1998 Alpine Skiing World Cup held the record for the most point in one season by a male alpine skier in what year?
Which Seattle-based rock band only has one remaining member and released the song Fell on Black Days in 1997?
Who was American, Gustave Charpentier or Samuel Barber or both?
Who contributed to The Digger magazine and is an Australian cartoonist?
Mizuto Hirota competes in Featherweight division, which refers to what weight class?
The Steven Soderbergh directed film about Liberace was nominated in the same award season as what comedy about a police precinct?
Henrique de Senna Fernandes was a writer of the peoples who are of what mixed heritage?
What animated shorts were both worked on by Irven Spence and distributed by an American media company?
What nationality was John Phillip's co-writer of The Mamas & The Papas pop hit "I Saw Her Again"?
Charlie Puth and Shy Carter both released songs they wrote in what same year?
In what state did Transylvania University acquire Hamilton College in 1903?
Thomas Richard Morris' daughter married an English journalist who served as the editor of what?
What is the Palestinian Islamic organization that governs th small territory on the eastern coast of the Mediterranean Sea that was captured by Israel during the 1967 Six-Day War?
Prince Sixtus of Bourbon-Parma attempted came from which of the two countries that made up The Powers' alliance in 1879?
What city of origin does Mitte and Reichstag building have in common?
California Gurls was produced in part by a Swedish record producer rose to prominence in the second half of the 1990, after making hits for the Backstreet Boys, Britney Spears, and who?
Which actor from Trading Places and Die Hard also starred in Maniac Cop III: Badge of Silence?
Which grade students were educatating in a public high school in a town, part of Greater Boston, in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States?
The 2013 documentary "I Know That Voice" featured what famous actor, known for voice roles as Cindy Lou Who and Rocky the Flying Squirrel?
Where was the wife of French writer Cyril Montana born?
How many seasons did the host of Inside the Vault play for the National Football League?
Are Crazy Magazine and American Nature Association both magazines?
Which station did the film that Lee Hye-young played a supporting role in air on?
Are both Oakland University and Wayne State University private university?
In which place the salt industry developed by James Geddes was located?
Illick's Mill is located in the city that is in what region of the eastern half of Pennsylvania?
What level of the Argentine football system does the club based in the leafy, northern neighborhood of Buenos Aires play?
What was the name of the Japanese carrier-borne fighter that was typically the capital ship of the fleet?
Who created the HBO miniseries in which Scott Richard Grimes starred as Technical Sergeant Donald Malarkey?
What neighborhood was the rapper who recorded "The Big Big Beat" raised in?
Which political party did a military and political figure of the Cossack Hetmanate associate with?
What is the birth year of the man who directed Gallifrey: Series 5?
Which dog breed has more current puppies, Dogo Cubano or German Spaniel?
Which popular magazine was published first, Inside Sports or Men's Fitness?
What is the full name of the artist who recorded Me Enamore?
In The Right Stuff, Levon Helm is the narrator, and co-stars as an aeronautical engineer who was highly respected among fellow test pilots, including who?
Which Bulgarian-Canadian actress appeared in the drama series "The Vampire Diaries" and in the 2007 Canadian drama film "The Poet"?
Are The Black Keys and Saint Motel both pop bands?
When was the composer, who remarked on Den Pobedy that "the song seemed to have turned back the time," born?
By whom is the University where Jerry Wilkerson got his BS accredited?
Which film premiered more recently, Sweet Crude or My Generation?
Which person who had a cameo in the video for the single "More News from Nowhere" was the daughter of Paula Yates?
What is the name of the rivalry game that is played in the same stadium as the State Fair Classic, thats name is derived from the river that forms part of the boundary between Texas and Oklahoma?
The News Building is a 17-storey office block that houses a tabloid newspaper that was founded as a successor to what?
Between P. J. Castellaneta and Oscar Micheaux, who directed more films?
What are Bearno's and Gino's East both famous for serving?
What era was the show, in which Peter Sellers co-starred with a French actress, popular during?
How many drafts were included in the year that the Pistons moved to Detroit?
The actor that stars as Joe Proctor on the series "Power" also played a character on "Entourage" that has what last name?
Which song from the band with the debut album "It's About Time" was the first to be released by a new record label?
What was the population in the county as of 2010 census where the Long Beach city located in?
Do Razorlight and Joywave play the same genre of music?
After the execution of which individual did Conneticut repeal capital punishment in 2012?
Were Walter Lippmann and H. P. Lovecraft both authors?
Who plays a stockbroker in a film that Claire Simpson was an editor for?
Collins & Harlan sang songs that presented a stereotyped image of who?
Which genus has more species, Echium or Ptilotus?
Who has authored mroe books, Stephen King or Clive Cussler?
When was the company CareFusion is a subsidiary of founded?
The 2015 MTV Video Music Awards featured the music video premier of a song off of Taylor Swift's fifth studio album, which was called what?
Where is the plant, which manufactured the British Army's standard rifle from 1895 to 1957, located?
Who was Taylor Swift addressing in the song "Should've Said No"?
Estonian Philharmonic Chamber Choir won the grammy Award for Best Choral Performance for two songs by a composer born in what year?
Who build the ship that sank in the Atlantic Ocean on April 15, 1912?
Which western Penobscot County town with a population of only 1,246 in 2010 was home to a republican state senator?
Which major mid-20th century film director lived longer, Philip Ford or Julien Duvivier?
How many seasons did Gregory Allan Williams portray the role of Garner Ellerbee in Baywatch?
When was the founding chairman of New Macau Association born?
What is the shorthand notation for the carboxylic acid in the most common type of sunflower seed?
What metropolitan area is Clyde Hill, Washington, near?
Science and Industry is a mod for the video game developed by which company?
Who released Oh Blue Christmas originally from the 1965 animated television special A Charlie brown Christmas in November 2009?
Where is Y'all magazine based out of? It is based out of Oxford, Mississippi.?
Who is older Jeremy Horn or Renato Sobral?
What diss song was a response to Mobb Deep, featuring the group the Outlawz?
Are Third Day and Creed both primarily Christian rock bands?
What was the population in 2010 of the county Saffordville is in?
Both Dødheimsgard and Avant-garde metal are both examples of what?
Adron Chambers, who formerly played for the St. Louis Cardinals now plays in which baseball league?
What type of person does Prime Minister of Hungary and Viktor Orbán have in common?
In between Dicky Barrett and Skin, who is know as Skin?
What is the United States equivalent of the type of entity Fränkisches Theater Schloss Maßbach is run as?
Was both Porgy and Bess and Giulio Cesare composed by a person with the first name George?
Which battle took place first, Second Battle of the Marne or Battle of Guam?
What was the song that the Irish tenor, also a Papal Count, recorded with Anton Strelezki?
Together is a Hungarian political party that contrasted the government of the Prime Minister who has held the post since what year?
When was the character Beverly Marsh created in the novel of It?
Are Alejandro Springall and John Schlesinger both film directors?
Phil Hay was the screenwriter for "Ride Along" which starred which famous comedian?
Who was bullied in middle school, but later created a studio album?
Are both K's Choice and Transvision Vamp Belgian rock groups?
The site that was the operating base for FMA IA Pucara was attacked in 1982 by which segment of the British Army?
Shawn Mullins and The Bawdies share different in styles on what same genre of music?
In what year did the British Comedy Beyond a Joke feature the disgraced politician who resigned in 1988 after a scandal surrounding salmonella in eggs?
Which university did boxing lightweight fighter who lost the 2009 all-action slugfest choose to attend after boxing?
Is Papa John's Pizza or East of Chicago Pizza based further north?
Are the cities Dongxing, Guangxi and Zhaotong located on the same continent?
The Jean Béliveau Trophy is given to the top scorer in the major ice hockey league that is part of what larger league?
The 2005 MTV Movie Awards were hosted by which comedian and actor?
What is the main opposition party to the President of Nigeria?
A Story is an album recorded in 1974 by a singer born in what year?
Hayuya was a chief from a group that was found in what general location on Earth?
The indie rock supergroup consisting of Honus Honus of Man Man, Nicholas Thorburn of Islands and The Unicorns, and Joe Plummer joined up with the actor who portrayed George Michael Bluth to tour with and support which band?
Which cocktail contains gin, London Fog or Fizzy apple cocktail?
What was the original purpose of the Naval air station where the VMA-322 was based?
The Knovíz culture was part of which central European Bronze Age culture?
In what year was the journalist who hosted "The Real Story" born?
Right Round by Flo Rida heavily samples on what song by British band Dead or Alive, fro their 1985 album "Youthquake"?
Ben Miles portrays a character in "The Crown" who had a romance with which member of the royal family?
The birthplace of the musician Jonas Kocher lies on the shores of which lake in Switzerland?
Are Bent Hamer and Luchino Visconti from the same continent?
Asahi Point Zero is a non-alcoholic (0.00% ABV) beer sold in Japan by a brewery based in which city?
The Prussian Acting Interior Minister that gave Hitler control of the German police was the last commander of what fighter wing?
What industry were both Mike Nichols and Liam Lynch a part of?
What vessel was first flown around the world by the man who owned the catamaran "Cheyenne"?
What high school is named after an inventor who is credited with creating and building the world's first liquid-fueled rocket?
Fools Crow was a novel written by the author who grew up in which two cultures?
Which news network is the former First Lady of California and a contributor to the American news magazine series 1986 alongside Roger Mudd and Connie Chung working at right now?
Nathan Thompson, English footballer, has a brother, Louis, who also plays pro football for Norwich. What is Louis' nationality?
Which season did the Simpsons episode that Huell Howser appeared in air?
Vania King and Cyril Suk III both specialize in what type of Tennis play?
What event in track and field athletics was removed from the Olympic schedule after 1904, and has an Asian indoor record held by Talal Mansour Al-Rahim?
Which 1987 worldwide chart-topper was originally on the album 20/20 by George Benson?
When was the director of Blackball born?
Is Berea College of the University of Delaware further west?
Eneko Satrústegui Plano plays for which Spanish football team based in Lleida?
Which sort of sun was the god that Imhotep was the high priest for associated with?
Which award was won in 1990, by the scorer of the tying run in game 7 of the 1992 National League Championship?
What other book did the author of "Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption" publish?
Was gold found at Catcha Lake or Burwash Mine in 1934?
Stony Awards presented a posthumous award to what American cannabis rights activist and the author of "The Emperor Wears No Clothes",?
When was the 1st Earl of Ypres born who attacked attacked the Boer force from the rear while mounted infantry?
What is taller, Bank of America Tower or 1345 Avenue of the Americas?
Who is a ficitional superhero that appeared in DC Comics and had Rama as a potential love interest?
Steven Gilmore who has created promotional materials for the 2008 film The Dark Night is most known for his artwork in what other form?
What was the occupation of Roc Emerson in the series "Roc", which starred Rocky Carroll and Charles S. Dutton?
The wife of Hank Penny is best know for the hits "Sad Movies (Make Me Cry)" and what other song?
In what year was the man, who authored a self-help and meditation program that claims to increase an individual's abilities through relaxation and development of higher brain functions, born?
Low cost airline SmartWings, and its parent airline Travel Service, are based at Václav Havel Airport 12km west of which European capital?
The artist who composed K.365/316a, better known as Piano Concerto No. 10, was the son of whom?
The Akmerkez mall and Haseki Sultan Complex of mosques are landmarks in which ancient city?
At which University did the sociologist who popularised the term "Unintended consequences" spend most of his career and attain the rank of University Professor?
What role is Edward Timpson from Crewe most associated with?
A Danish film director directed a film based on a memoir of a British journalist that stars who?
Where was theater which The State Theatre is part of located?
What genre of music are Fred Durst and Steven Page a part of?
On what day aired the last episode of a children's Indian television series starring the Indian actor Keval Vora on SAB TV?
When did the person that rebuilt the Temple of Minerva Chalcidica rule Rome?
Brian Desmond Hurst is best known for a film, released in the United States as "A Christmas Carol" that is an adaptation to what other film?
In which area of Alton Towers is the Thirteen roller coaster located?
Who did a member of the St. Louis Cardinals in 2007 play for in the 2017 World Baseball Classic?
Who was born first, Esther Renay Dean or Onika Tanya Maraj?
In what county was the team Bobby Averell was known for playing on based?
What musical based on a opera features Adam Pascal?
The Shark Tank investor that Cinnaholic rejected an offer from is originally from what country?
On what date did the incident on which the film Talvar is based take place?
What position does Presidential Food Service and First Family of the United States have in common?
Do the Bracco Italiano and Spinone Italiano originate in the same country?
Were Porcupine Tree and Skinny Puppy formed in the same year?
Fortunat Strowski, a French literary historian superintended critical editions of works published between what years?
\When was the aviation pioneer died who claimed to have flown near Bridgeport, Connecticut on August 14, 1901?
What city was is the school that hosted the Mid-Market Awards in?
Canadian comedian and actor Dave Thomas appeared in which 1981 American buddy military comedy film?
On which street in Mayfair, London is the Apple Corps office of the Beatles?
What is T. J. Lottie's husband's nickname?
When did the second deadliest disaster in Texas history occur?
Casa Amarilla, A railway in La Boca, is located in which country capital?
Who directed the film that Étienne Comar produced in 2010?
In what month and year was the release of the novel that "The Divergent Series: Allegiant" was based on?
Were Sting and Bon Scott both members of the band The Police?
Give a Girl a Break featured Marge Champion as what kind of talent?
Carlos Barreto has a notable win over which Heavyweight class UFC fighter?
What was the 2001 population of the city where Textil Mandiyú is based?
What year was the house, in which the 1912 and 1924 candidate for president of the United States stayed, declared a National Historic Landmark?
What job do both Doug Langway and Stuart Rosenberg have?
How many years did the comic strip that includes the character Joe Btfsplk run for?
Which British-American musical screwball comedy horror film did Susan Margaret makes costume design for?
Who was part of more bands, Kurt Cobain or Keith Buckley?
Do Alexis Ohanian and Naz Edwards work in different fields?
In what year did the monarch whose flagship was called Griffen become king of Norway?
Wilhelm Wiegand is best known for and his publications involving a man that was King of Prussia beginning in what year?
The British socialite and artist Rosemary Pratt married this Royal Air Force officer, flying ace, courtier and author who served as what to King George VI?
An english author born in 1973 wrote a series of young adult books called Diary of a Chav. How many books are in the series?
What actress from The Big Bang Theory wrote The Bronze?
Which documentary came first, 10 Questions for the Dalai Lama or Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight?
What McMOnagle, Perri & McHugh attorney is notable for representing a hip hop artist with a stage name from a street in South Philadelphia?
What syndicated talk show was hosted by the presenter of The Worst of Hollywood?
Who was the leader of the Autobots voiced by?
Have Dean Koontz and Bernhard Schlink both written at least one novel?
Which band was the band, who featured the "Fab Four," named after?
In what state is the public university whose football team won the 1957 NAIA championship?
Dialogues of the Carmelites was an opera that had a libretto by which French composer and pianist?
Leon Plantinga is the brother of which analytic philosopher?
Which career do Jaoru Kuroki and Ilona Staller share?
Homogentisic Acid is found in Arbutus unedo, which is also know as what?
"Puppy Love" is a hit track that featured LL Cool J's samples as well as mainstream R&B group Jagged Edge; who headlined the song's vocal?
Schack Carl Rantzau is notable for his friendship with a physical to which king?
Which Germany-based company produced the car which Jackson Mthembu was criticized for spending R2.3 million on ten of it?
The third largest inland port in Australia during the great river boat era of the mid-19th century is west and north-west to an area in a county in New South Wales that has what River as it's north-west boundry?
Which Actress played roles in "Battlestar Galactica" and White Noise: The Light?
What company released the Minion Hunter board game in 1992 in conjunction with a near-future horror role-playing game (RPG) in 1991?
When was the British political philosopher that Paul N. Franco is a lead expert on born?
What arena was used for the WWE Battleground(2014) event?
Are both Médée and Gianni Schicchi comic operas?
What caused the church council to accept funding plans from Mr. Burns in The Simpson's episode in which Lisa converted to Buddhism?
What is the birth name of the sculptor of "Number 23 Basketball Player"?
Who was born first Alexander Povetkin or Javier Mora?
Where is the airline whose chairman is Naresh Goyal based?
Produced by Any Harries, this British television pilot featured what actor best known for his roles in "The Fast Show" and "Men Behaving Badly"?
What was the nationality of the concentration camp commandant who was succeeded by Arnold Büscher?
What year did Frank Vardon's Hot Video trade journal stop awarding the Hot d'Or award?
Were Jimmie Ross and Colin Hay both lead vocalists in their bands?
Who was the 16 year head football coach at University of Oklahoma, who won a title in 2000 after his departure?
What sport does Brett Bech NOR Las Vegas Outlaws have in common?
What 1999 sex comedy film does the movie MILF borrow elements from?
Which position did this prominent official in Nazi Germany serve under Adolf Hitler to gain power within the Third Reich who accepted the establishment of the Freikorps?
What is the Twelve Level Cap in regards to Confucianism?
Which national park covers more provinces, Sierra Nevada National Park or Cabañeros National Park?
Which game is the game To Court the King similar to with its rolling and re-rolling of dice?
Have John Dufresne and Nadine Gordimer both won awards for their work?
What Canadian province is the writer, editor, and director of "It's Only the End of the World" from?
The coach who led the 2016 University of Central Florida football team was previously the offensive coordinator for what other college?
Matthew Dryer has performed research on which Native American language?
Heaven Knows was written by an American singer who is known as the lead singer of what American rock band?
Who created the character Brianna Hildebrand plays in "Deadpool"?
Which of the rapper born on June 19, 1983 has Hollis on his track?
John McCusker from Before The Ruin has toured with which guitarist from a top-selling 80s band?
Which member of The Miracle Violence Connection was born May 14, 1960?
The Washington Redskins played their first season in the FedExField stadium in what year?
Trigedasleng is a language created for the second series in an American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama that premiered on March 19, 2014, on what network?
Nichole Mead lost out to Mallory Hagan in which national competition?
Are Crash! The bankrupt game and PÜNCT both types of games?
NaissanceE is a first-person exploration and puzzle video game released on a digital distribution platform developed by who?
In what century was this castle erected that was destroyed and replaced several times and whose name is derived from the common Scottish surname Douglas?
What is the narionality of the author of the biography Halleck: Lincoln's Chief of Staff?
Which is headquartered farther north, American Airlines Group or News Corporation?
Did Harry Turtledove or E. B. White write the acclaimed children's story Charlotte's Web?
Which is the largest airport which serves Sauce Viejo Airport?
Anthony Gallo worked with what group that was formed in 1995?
Who was the company that acquired Marvel in 2009 founded by?
Rimantas Taraškevičius was born in what foothills?
Which actor and director was German, Reinhold Schünzel or Charles Hutchison?
Hans Rinn won his first gold medal during the Winter Olympics held in which city?
What is the country of origin for the Monson Lake State Park and the Dakota War of 1862?
In what city is the university where Danny Hope serve as head football coach from 2003 to 2007 located?
Which film was released first, the South Korean film or the Indian Tamil film?
BurningAngel, starring Joanna Angel, was launched as a response to websites such as which website founded in 2001 by Selena Mooney that revolves around pin-up photography sets of models and provides paying customers access to images provided by models and photographers worldwide?
Which canal is longer, Shinnecock Canal and Warren County Canal?
Anthony Dirrell is the brother of which super middleweight title holder?
T-Shirt is a song from an album by Migos that was released on January 27, 2017, by Atlantic Records and who?
When was the American comedian, musician and Tony Award-nominated actor that headlined at Carolines on Broadway born?
What lead actor from the 1997 movie "Absolute Power" stars in the HBO drama series "Westworld"?
Which company has over 8000 employees, ONEOK or The Cooper Companies?
For which team does the player who performs rap parts on the single We are Ajax play?
What programming community index was named after a play first performed at the St James's Theatre in London in 1895?
The actor that played a university professor in "March", appeared in what courtroom thriller film directed by Sohn Young-sung?
Who directed a 2004 American action film starring a former competitive diver?
When was the American film director, producer and screenwriter born who is the writer of Baby Boom?
What was the another recognition of one of the authors of Mexican literature who born in March 31, 1914?
Are Geoff Masters and Jimmy Connors both former tennis players?
Ethan Hardy has had a romantic storyline alonside the character played by which star of Waterloo Road and Hollyoaks?
What was the American singer that sing "We're Getting Stronger" known for?
Which mine opened first Big Dan Mine or Negus Mine?
Are both The Steinway Tower and 56 Leonard Street located in the Tribeca neighborhood in New York City?
What town in the united states is home to a historic mill building and in 2010 had a population over 7,000?
Which other snake's name is the brand for a distribution of the Python programming language that includes Astropy?
Who developed the game that features Somebody New on its soundtrack?
Did Neon Trees or Salt have a hit single first?
The music video of "Palat – Tera Hero Idhar Hai" features the assistant director to Karan Johar on what 2010 drama?
What is the name of the NFL cornerback who played 4 seasons with the New York Giants and has a similar name as a fictional character played by Jamie Foxx in the movie Any Given Sunday?
Which protagonist of "El Talisman" holds a beauty pageant title?
How many feature films has the Irish-American actor who appeared in "Frankenstein" (1994) and "Practical Magic" 1998 starred in?
What is the stage name of the arist with a debut album titled 'No Angel' that also appeared on the 'Rhythms del Mundo' collaborative album?
Are Lonnie Wilson and Frank Iero both musicians?
Which was made farther west, Shoah or An Inconvenient Truth?
Richard Thorp appeared in the 1955 film directed by whom?
Which German prince became a Belgian King and was closely connected to a German-born banker of Jewish descent who was awarded the Order of Leopold?
What is the slang term used to describe the agency that The Grupo de Operaciones Especiales is a part of?
What is the nationality of the singer who had a single co-produced by Nisan Cumming Stewart?
Who once claimed that the inventor of the KISS principle "can actually see air"?
What CEO manages a hotel and casino situated on the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip?
Kimber Aegis is a series of which single-action pistols?
Who was married to a founding member of Nirvana?
Which city is John Ilhan Memorial Reserve located in?
Lord North Street has a resident in which former Conservative MP who received an 18-month prison sentence for perjury in 1999?
Which phenomenon said to be often seen on the Mekong River is Mekhong Full Moon Party about?
The county that Doris Beck was the first woman to serve as a Mayor of had a population of what in 2010?
Crazy Horse and Kicking Bear were brothers who fought togther in what war?
What is the accreditation body for the university where Ellis Cashmore taught before 1993?
Who are owners of the company that produces the show Wedi 3?
Where did the draft that Ruslan Bashkirov was drafted in the second round to the Ottawa Senators take place?
Exit Wounds: The Album featured the debut of a rapper whose first album was titled what?
Does Fellini's Pizza currently have more chains operating than Upper Crust Pizzeria?
Which university was founded first, Université Laval or St. Cloud State University?
Which trademark of an American athletic company has been estimated to have a worth of 26 billion dollars?
Which battle lasted longer, the Second Battle of Bull Run or Seven Days Battles?
The Mitsubishi 4A9 engine was introduced by a company headquartered in what country?
In what year was the actor who played Dr. Richard Solomon in "3rd Rock from the Sun" born?
Lightning Bug is a 2004 coming of age drama film executive produced by an American actress best known for her role as who?
When was the first year reports of Aaron Burr's ghost appearing at One If By Land, Two If By Sea could have started?
"Let Yourself Go"is written which member,and songwriter of Green Day?
In which prestigious venues did the Pakistani female singer performed who's some songs were written by Riaz-Ur-Rehman Saghar?
In what year was the actor who played a troubled coach in The Slaughter Rule born?
What DC Comic book did the Joker originally appear in 1940?
Who appeared in the 1979 Italian-American science fiction horror film, The Visitor, who also is an American author, attorney, and former libertarian radio host?
What stadium did the 1997 Montana Grizzlies football team play at that was opened in 1986?
Which American singer, songwriter and actress is featured on "Somebody to You" released in 2014?
Which now abandoned resort and theme park located near the village of Charnock Richard contains custom roller coaster Knightmare?
Were both the Tiki 100 and Elektor Junior Computer developed or manufactured by European entities?
Ted Moore was a cinematographer who won an Acadamy Award for "A Man for All Seasons" which was what type of film?
Where is the crowdfunding corporation that made Allie Goertz's "Sad Dance Songs" album possible based?
"Tone it down" is a song what number album by Gucci Mane?
Who was a member in the society named after the poem titled "The Crescent Moon" wrote by the "the Bard of Bengal"?
Which Austin, Texas band has toured with more bands, Alpha Rev or Driver Friendly?
Nike Hypervenom is endorsed/worn by a professional footballer who plays for the Algeria national team, and what Premier League club?
Where is the supermarket chain started by Joseph E. Grosberg now headquartered?
Who directed more films, Guy Hamilton or Ulli Lommel?
To what country did Iannis Xenakis flee in the same year that Mark Kidel was born?
Who is Jared Kushner's father-in-law?
Are the Bramble and the Kamikaze types of soft drinks?
Gol Transportes Aéreos is the second largest Brazilian airline company by market share after the company that merged with LAN Airlines on which date?
What country of origin does Ian Day and Neil Kerley have in common?
What type of gun was attempted to improve in The Heckler & Koch MP2000?
What Puliter Prize winner for Poetry was friends with Royal Gay Nebeker?
A maya snake deity that is closely related to a deity whose name means feathered serpent, is also closely related to what other deity?
Sahil Vaid appeared in a movie franchise that began with which movie?
Which 2003 romantic drama film did Louis Garrel starred in?
Doctor Maya Lahan is a fictional character from the British espionage television series portrayed by a British actress best known for her portrayal of Amber Gates "Footballers' Wives" (2004–2006) and Sahira Shah in what?
Who was the poem dedicated to individual genereally identified as the Fair Youth of Shakespeare's sonnets about?
What basketball team defeated coach Larry Eustachy's team in 2001 in an upset?
When was the Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States born under whom Carrie Severino served as a law clerk?
Who has more scope of profession, Grover Jones or Jeff Tremaine?
Which former NASA astronaut born November 14, 1933 is depicted in Apollo 13, a 1995 American space adventure docudrama film?
In what part of Pakistan is the company owned by Malik Riaz Hussain based?
When was the host of A. J. After Hours born?
What profession does Edmund Candler and Rudyard Kipling have in common?
Does Burton Cummings and Thomas Anders have the same nationality?
The Wingate business hotel chain is operated by which hotel and hospitality company?
"Back in My Younger Days" is a song recorded by a country music artist who was inducted to the Country Music Hall of Fame in what year?
What lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces correctly identified a false alarm on 26 September 1983?
When did the shopping center in Victoria where De Bono promoted her new album first open?
Where is the headquarters of the video game publisher that is owned by the same company that owns the "Quake" series?
Trouble Maker is an album released by a duo consisting partly of which member of the Wonder Girls?
Which movie has more producers, Laura's Star or 9?
Alain Dorval is best known as the official dub-over artist of an American actor and filmmaker well known for his Hollywood action roles, including what title character of the "Rocky" series?
Which filmmaker was of Danish descent, Mikael Salomon or George Dunning?
Where is the sports nutrition business established by Oliver Cookson based?
Sir Frank Williams' racing team came in third in the 1999 British Grand Prix losing to?
What castle on the banks of the River Annan in Scotland is named after a common Great Britain surname?
What role did the actress, who starred in the British miniseries Goodbye Cruel World, play in the BBC drama "Waking the Dead"?
The 14th Golden Melody Awards was pushed back to August 2, 2003 from the original May date due to what viral respiratory disease of zoonotic origin caused by coronavirus?
Who conducts the draft in which Marc-Andre Fleury was drafted to the Vegas Golden Knights for the 2017-18 season?
Which Route 22 runs through a major city?
The Northeast People's Anti-Japanese Volunteer Army was confined by what country?
What type of ride do by a family-owned waterpark resort and Legoland Discovery Center Kansas City have in common?
Who was born first, Marie Fredriksson or Juha-Pekka Leppäluoto?
The 19th-century transportation route that connected Idependence, Missouri and Santa Fe, New Mexico runs the same path as what east to west highway?
What province is north of the province in which Puerto Ibicuy is in?
Which airport El Paso International Airport or Martha's Vineyard Airport is located closer to the centre of the local settlements?
What first tier German football league team does Matthias Ostrzolek play for?
Who was the brother of Tostig Godwinson that overthrew Gruffydd, Rhiwallon, and Bleddyn?
The single storey shed mill operated by the Lancashire Cotton Corporation in the 1930s is located in which town in Greater Manchester, England, on the River Douglas near Bolton and Warrington?
Which mission was completed first, Cos-B or Uhuru?
Which writer was of German descent, Herbert Achternbusch or Pedro Sienna?
Watford Rural is a civil parish in which local government based in Rickmansworth, Hertfordshire, in southern England?
Does the population of the city of Shangzhi exceed that of Chengde?
Wade Watt's nephew was the college football quarterback for what team?
Peter Callander was a songwriter who created content for which Welsh singer?
Which university was founded first, Vanderbilt University or Yale University?
Anarae Brown released an album in 2004 produced by himself and who else?
Where was the founder of Famous Amos from?
The actor who voiced Shaggy in the "Scooby-Doo" franchise also appeared as a radio personality on what radio network?
How long did Soran Singh host a show on a Pashto and English language channel?
Which unincorporated community in the northeastern part of the town of Chesterfield in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States is situated at the outlet of a 732 acre water body?
This 1996-1997 BBL season shares the name of what type of drink which is produced by Anheuser-Busch?
Which two artists are also featured in the Jay-Z song in which Jeff Bhasker won a Grammy Award for producing?
Kyle Balda worked on a film part of the "Desipicable Me" franchise produced by who?
Can Lachenalia and Saintpaulia be found on the same continent?
Did the Valens Aqueduct ever transport water to the city where Kabataş Erkek Lisesi is?
Struan Rodger and Four Weddings and a Funeral are both what kind of actor and film?
How many seasons did the player traded for Shaquille O'Neill, in the 2007-08 season, play in the NBA?
What state was the author of "To Die For" born?
In which format did this type of music retail outlet, such as Bull Moose Music, sell music?
Pandikona and Alpine Mastiff are both what?
Where are the studios of the station that broadcasts "The Dave Bussey Show"?
Which casino owned and operated by MGM Resorts International is famed for its elegance?
Who is Older Billie Joe Armstrong or Daryl Palumbo?
The 2006 disaster drama film starring an American actor in "Revolutionary Road" and "99 Homes" is based on what?
Who was born in the United States, Cyrinda Foxe or Samuel Der-Yeghiayan?
What optical device is the Dutch scientist, after whom the lunar crater Jansen is named, credited for?
What Christmas song reached number 1 in 1974 by the the English glam rock band Mud,?
What frozen food products are sold by the subsidiaries of the National Dairy Development Board in India?
The head coach of The Longhorns in the 1932–33 Texas Longhorns men's basketball season was born on what date?
Monk starred Tony Shalhoub, Traylor Howard, Jason Gray-Stanford and what American actor born in 1957?
Desert Rock Airport is in a town north of what route?
Which disease outbreak of 2002/3 caused 774 reported deaths, the majority being in Hong Kong, as reported by Andrew Brown for CNN?
How did the surfer die, who was a member of the Kahanamoku Surf Team, and who was best known for surfing in areas such as one Hawaiian bay who's name means "reddish water"?
Which artist-in-residence at the Walt Disney Concert Hall has also worked with Guy Sigsworth?
The Kingdom starred the American actress who had her debut in what 2000 comedy?
Chronologie, a studio album, was inspired by a book which was first publoished in what year?
Which English military leader was the father of Elizabeth Capell, Countess of Essex?
An India actress and costume designer starred in what version of Okkadu?
Which game often occurs the weekend before the Red River Rivalry?
"Grey" is the fourth studio album by a singer born in which year?
What is the nationality of the man who defeated an American Olympic champion later killed by John Eleuthere du Pant?
Which British peer and politician born in 1734 was a great-grandson of the 1st Duke of Marlborough?
The winner of the 1998 Compaq Grand Slam Cup – Women's Singles was born in what year?
Once Ian Crozier was infected with Ebola Virus Disease, what was his chance or survival?
What is the birthdate of this American sports interviewer who works for ESPN and hosts Football Sunday on ESPN Radio?
Blanding is a small railroad junction in Illinois, located north of an army depot that was opened in what year?
Senjūrō Hayashi was a commander for the Chosen Army of Japan during the event that was a pretext for the invasion of what part of China?
Which of these is a genus of plants in the Primulaceae family, Lagerstroemia or Cyclamen?
What state does 2009 Holiday Bowl and 2009 Nebraska Cornhuskers football team have in common?
Roger Manvell wrote a biography on the politician who was appointed to what post in 1933?
Anne Rice and Yehuda Amichai both influenced written culture and were both alive beginning in what year?
Which Institute is closer to New York City, Rochester Institute of Technology or Florida Institute of Technology?
Wiremu "Bill" Whareaitu represented New Zealand in the commonwealth games held on which dates?
Which of these two Peruvian footballers is older, Diego Pizarro or Claudio Pizarro?
Where was the person who committed a murder on July 17, 1982 in Marshallville, Ohio employed?
Philip John Neville is the co-owner of a professional football club in the Kersal area of Salford, Greater Manchester, England, that plays in what tier of English football?
Which famous comic book movie universe features the voice of an Irish-American actor who previously did work on "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D"?
Ike Turner performed with this American soul singer and pianist, who went on to produce what million-selling single?
Where was the weapon used by Tori M. Nonaka manufactured?
Dharmatma included a title character based on a king of which Indian form of lottery?
What is the newest game that uses the game system that Alshard uses?
Who was born first, John Corabi or Jason Schwartzman?
What was fifth studio album of Kid Rock with Lonely Road of Faith as the second single?
Who directed the 1963 horror film that starred the man who played Doc Holliday on the TV series "Maverick"?
Oskar Kokoschka used what style in his painting that features a female Viennese-born composer, author, editor and socialite?
What geographical landform is included in Hong Kong's Kowloon district, that plays host to the East Asian Games swimming events?
What are people lacking when they have a condition called Alexithymia, which leads to unempathic and ineffective emotional responses?
According to what national personification, would land's named or derived from "Erin" have a feminine personification?
Which genus contains more species, Solanum or Coelia?
The Panhellenic Games and Hoplitodromos involve what type of sport?
Jeannie Berlin appeared in what eight-part crime drama in 2016?
Who is the author and Foreign Affairs columnist for the "New York Times" that wrote both Hot, Flat and Crowded and The World is Flat? Thomas L. Friedman?
Taehoon Oh is a lead artist and was one of the pioneer developers of a game that began on which console?
What Amherst, Masschusetts band was John Agnello involved with?
Where is the headquarters of this German multinational automotive corporation, which includes Mercedes-Benz buses?
Which novelist wrote more film scripts, James Dalton Trumbo or Philippa Gregory?
Have Guy Maddin and Mel Brooks both been directors?
Do Crinodendron and Nuphar belong to the same family?
What is the original name of the company whose subsidiary is currently directed by Devraj Sanyal?
Which company is headquartered closer to the pacific ocean, Salesforce.com or Synchrony Financial?
What is the original nationality of the namesake of Gödel logic?
Which state is home to the road in northeastern Clark County which serves the oldest state park?
What year did the school which John Andrew Rice founded close?
What is the literal translation of the name of the band that made the album Planetario?
Olivia Luccardi plays the role of Chloe in a 2014 film written by who?
Where are the duo who released the single "Sing It Back" from?
Tara Ochs has a film credit for which 2010 romantic comedy-drama film by Greg Berlanti?
For whom did Baker & Myers compose a song for who also starred in the PBS music program "Austin County Limits"?
Louie Freear performed in A Midsummer Night's Dream as a character that is based on an ancient figure from English mythology, that was alternatively known as who?
Are Ulf Merbold and Michael Foale both astronauts?
Which Amercian Patriot and possible member of the Culper Spy Ring does Anna Strong portray on an AMC series?
Peter Berg's directorial works include which black comedy starring Cameron Diaz?
Mastering engineer Dave Cooley worked with which artist whose albums were successful in South Africa?
Who would you be more likely to see in a show, Ian Bremmer or Lucine Amara?
Which singer is younger, Teru or Markus Feehily?
"This is England" is a song by a punk rock band that was formed in what year?
The organization that was trying to make Ireland socialist lost members who disagreed with them to form what movement?
The soundtrack with the song "How Far I'll Go" on it was released on what date?
The Equal Access to COBRA Act was introduced on March 10, 2011 by the American former congressman who represented what district?
When was one of the writers of Ripping Yarns born?
Which trains serve this one of the two stations of St Albans (the other being St Albans Abbey railway)?
Who is the founder of a Japanese clothing brand and also co-founded Billionaire Boys Club with Pharrell Williams?
Which character was Morena Silva de Vaz Setta Baccarin portraying in the eighth installment of the "X-Men" film series?
Both KatieJane Garside and Aaron Hall share what occupation?
What was the licensed-built version of the American Northrop F-5 Freedom Fighter that the military aviation branch of the Netherlands Armed Forces used?
Aside from the roller coaster built by Stakotra in 2005, where is the only other strata coaster in existence located?
2009 Malayalam drama thriller comedy film, Angel John, resembles a film in which Jim Carey starred as what title character?
Which of the chef crowned the "Top Chef Master" is widely known for his PBS series?
Live at Winterland '68 is an album by an American rock singer who died of a neroin overdoase at what age?
The Way to Dusty Death is taken from what quote from Macbeth?
Both Pachysandra the evergreen perennials and Polygonum also known as knotweed are what types of these plants?
Miss Piggy was a puppet done by whom in their early Muppet career?
Bronisława Dłuska's younger sister was the first woman to win which prize?
Which person has a country of origin in Persia, Al-Khazini or Mohamed Hassanein Heikal?
Which director grew up in New Jersey, Lars von Trier or James L. Brooks?
Mount Torrens is located in a local government area that extends from where to where?
Which American actress, model, voice actress, and singer appeared on "General Hospital" and in the film Merlin: The Return?
What does the Grain company manufacture using Northern White Cedar and Western Red Cedar wood?
Ulex and Vernonia are both what?
Archduke Franz Ferdinand was assassinated by a man from what country?
What position do both Dutch footballer brothers, Rodney and Wesley Sneijder, play?
Fazhengnian is a mediation ritual practiced in a spiritual practice whose name translates to what in English?
Joseph Robert Micheletti was born in a city that had how many inhabitants in the 2010 census?
The Namesake starred the film actor known for work in what type of cinema?
Abdul Alkalimat is a professor of African-American studies and library and information science at a university founded in which year?
What number is considered the 11 o'clock number in the musical written by Doug Wright, music by Trey Anastasio and Amanda Green, lyrics by Amanda Green?
What professional function was served by both Robert Hayden and Andrew Vachss, although for different organizations?
Thomas F. August lost re-election in the mayoral race that included the politician who now serves as a representative from what congressional district?
What type of gaming involves players gambling casino chips that can also be described as server centric?
In what directional situation in Australia would one have found the main base of operation for the Aero-Tropics Air Services?
How many Infinity Gems must earths heroes seek out?
What year did the person whose disappearance gave Sandra Felgueiras her best known interview disappear?
Former Colonial Penn Life Insurance Company endorsers include a former professional gridiron football player who was inducted into what in 2003?
Broadway Bound is a movie written by an author who has written how many plays?
What "Virtual Choir" producer worked with British composer Guy Sigsworth?
Seiko Holdings Corporation was formerly known as which watch and jewlery shop?
Jackson Galaxy is a behaviorist who hosts the television show that airs on what channel?
British drum and bass group Reprazent released the album "In the Møde" that featured this American musician, poet, rapper, and activist who left his band in which year?
Curtiss-Southwest Field was the origin of planes that harassed African America rioters during a riot that occurred on which days?
What other children's program was created by the creator of PAW Patrol?
Which Czech composer achieved worldwide recognition before the subject of "Concert at the End of Summer"?
Which person from Strictly Come Dancing: It Takes Two was the first female host of "The Radio 1 Breakfast Show"?
Idiot Wind was written after Bob Dylan's comeback tour with the group that formed in which city in 1968?
Anna of Cilli and her daughter Hedwig Jagiellon were 15th-century figures in which European country's royal family?
Which team that competed in the 2009 Independence Bowl was led by a second-year head coach?
K-1 Grand Prix '93 had a karate bout involving the karateka who participated in what weight class?
Physical Evidence starring Burt Reynolds was the last film directed by which celebrated thriller and sci-fi novelist?
What is the name of the award named in honor of the English actor who studied at the Royal Academy and had an eight decade career?
Angry Dad: The Movie aired on February 20, 2011 during the twenty-second season, but was first introduced on what epsiode of the thirteenth season?
"Turn Around" is a song that contains samples of "Oh Yeah" by a band consisting of Dieter Meier and who else?
Are both Brachychiton and Colchicum found on the same continent?
Which band has more guitarists, Less Than Jake or Sheila on 7?
Reverend Gary Davis has many students including one who was the composer of Hey Looka Yonder. What is the students name?
What episode was the "The Kids are all Fight" when The Simpsons aired its twenty-sixth season on Fox?
Who lived a longer life, Jerome Storm or James Tinling?
Who was born more recently, James Files, or Lee Harvey Oswald?
Cari Roccaro is a soccer player from the CDP in what New York county?
On what date did Atco Records release the album where Pantera introduced a groove metal sound?
The indigenous peoples group that John H. Kilbuck was a member of live in what two countries?
Hyde Road was home to a team until they moved to another stadium located where?
What did Richard Thomas Griffiths get nominated for after playing in the 2006 British comedy-drama adapted by Alan Bennett?
Are Hyomin and Bobby Gillespie both members of a band?
What creature, that is also known as the "large intestine worm," was Ivan Mackerle trying to find?
What was the occupation of the creator of The Cabinet?
Which dog has a larger size, Chow Chow or Lakeland Terrier?
Which opera, if any, Venus and Adonis or Bluebeard's Castle has more acts?
What Canadian documentary is about the hobby where participants wear costumes to represent a specific character?
What genre of films were the films The Devil Came on Horseback and Comic Book Confidential?
What popular single by Sammy Hagar promoted his nightclub in Cabo San Lucas, BCS, Mexico?
What does the perennial rainforest shrub containing an active alkaloid also found in Voacanga africana and Tabernaemontana undulata induce in large doses?
What influenced the song, written by Ne-Yo, from Rihanna's second studio album?
What profession does Izu Ojukwu and Fred Savage have in common?
Romance sentimentale is a French film directed by this person born in January, 1903.?
Who is younger, Constantine Orbelian or Ivan Dmitri?
Did Sue Barker or Roberta Vinci hold a higher career singles ranking?
The 1992 WLAF postseason ran from May 30 until June 6 at which multi-purpose stadium in Canada, located at Olympic Park in the Hochelaga-Maisonneuve district of Montreal?
Who was more involved in pop music, Gabe Saporta or Dexter Holland?
The Whip featured what American film actor that appeared in some 250 movies during a 36-year career?
Which Italian sculptor created the sculpture "Aeneas, Anchises, and Ascanius" and was also a well known architect and city planner?
Who is an American supermodel and actress who hosted Project Runway All Stars?
What are the German initials of the party that included Käthe Leichter in its rolls?
The album that 808s & Sax Breaks is a jazz interpretation of was released in what year?
Who directed this 1986 British biopic starring Gary Oldman and Chloe Webb, which was parodied in The Simpsons episode "Love Springfieldian Style"?
Thomas Dimitroff joined the patriots as a scout for the team's 33rd season in the National Football League which was part of what calendar year?
What film starring Morgan Freeman, and Angelina Jolie did Deborah Lurie compose the music for?
What horror film did Heather Langenkamp star in during 2016?
How many counties are in the named part of Maryland on which the Choptank people historically lived?
Are Kim Jong-hyun and Ace Frehley European?
One of the stars of the Hunchback of Notre Dame also starred in "Murphy Brown" as which character?
The Carleton Knights are the sports team of a college that enrolled how many students in Fall 2015?
Which battle was longer, the Battle of Fredericksburg, or the Battle of Manila?
In which county is this census-designated place, (CDP) where Whaleman Foundation is based, located?
What type of dramatic work does Tom Bosley and Fiorello! have in common?
What is the year of birth of the woman who inspired the opera Midnight Son?
This American variety/sketch comedy starring Vicki Lawrence also starred what actor known for his role of Steve Trevor on "Wonder Woman"?
Time Out's 100 best British films was topped by a film adapted from a short story by which author?
Between Chinua Achebe and Rachel Carson, who had more diverse jobs?
What year was the designer of Bathyscaphe Trieste, Auguste Piccard born?
Pacific Fibre competed with the trans-Pacific network of communications that was commissioned in what year?
When band has more members, Brand New or The Dodos?
Croton and Artanema are both a what?
2014 Dally M Awards was awarded to two in a tie of votes, one of which born 15 February 1988 and known for what?
How many assaults were there in the battle that Thomas E. McCall received the Medal of Honor for his actions during?
What is the born name of guitarist (formerly bassist) of the band, one of whose founding members is Chris Holmes?
Are both Stone Temple Pilots and Transvision Vamp considered American rock groups?
Royal Crescent is a crescent-shaped terrace of houses has been placed on what?
During Maine gubernatorial election, 1956, which candidate ran, who later on ran for Vice President of the United States?
Were Ibn Tufail and Abū Ja'far al-Khāzin both from Iran?
An actor who is best known for his role as David Ruffin in The Temptations, also appeared in a 1993 American comedy sports film that was directed by who?
Who was born first out of Renny Harlin and Tarsem Singh?
The Granddaughter of Princess Emma of Anhalt-Bernburg-Schaumburg-Hoym was queen of where?
What was founded first, Death Cab for Cutie or P.O.D.?
Which astronaut was born first, Ulf Merbold or Vladimír Remek?
The Big Rock Ski Area in Mars Hill, Maine is located near which Canadian province?
This American talk show host and comedian was inducted into the Television Academy Hall of Fame in 1987, awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1992, and traveled to Mexico to obtain what?
Which English actor starred in Cabin Pressure?
Lourdes Gray Wolves' Athletic Conference is headquartered where?
What time of day does the CNN program hosted by a journalist born on March1, 1966 air?
Asasio Lolofakangalo Heimuli coached Mark Richard Hunt in which sport?
Which canal is longer, the Shinnecock Canal or the Wiconisco Canal?
How old was the Spanish actress who provides financial support for the Sahara International Film Festival when she made her acting debut?
Viktor Lutze became commander of the Sturmabteilung after succeeding a man who was executed in what event?
Which city in the region of Apulia in southern Italy is Cesare Braico born in?
How many Westin hotels are located in the site the Galleria Office Towers are located in?
What country is the bank that filed a lawsuit against WikiLeaks located in?
What regime was represented internationally by the woman who the DFS Sperber Junior was designed for?
What was the duck character's name in the Disney cartoon with the music that sounded like The Mexican Hat Dance?
Who was born first, Tony Kaye or Deepa Mehta?
Someone Like You is a collection of stories by a notable author who sold how many copies of his books?
Which magazine was published first, Vice Versa or Woman's Day?
What type of mines are Dome Mine and Camlaren Mine in Canada?
Who directed a 2011 British-American film in which Frank Anthony Grillo appeared?
Which female actress appeared in both "The Five(ish) Doctors Reboot" and "Doctor Who"?
What region of Tennessee is Embreeville located in?
The Lady and the Highwayman was based on a novel by which English author?
The Newark Airport Exchange is at the northern edge of an airport that is operated by whom?
What is the name of the song Romanthony collaborated with Daft Punk on that was released in November of 2000?
Which skater is older, Maxim Viktorovich Marinin or Tatiana Ivanovna Totmianina?
Are the University of Daytona and Wayne State University both research universities?
Yas Taalot recorded a song with which former member of A Perfect Circle?
What animated show on Cartoon Network did Wil Wheaton have a role in?
Norberto Martin was the hitting coach for th team in which league?
In which persons name the Avoca Lodge is known who is the wife of James Joseph Brown and "RMS Titanic" survivor?
Who's brother is a Cuban mixed martial artist (MMA)?
In 1992 Tom and Ray Magliozzi won a Peabody Award for their show on what topic?
In which year was the film from which the television of the series of the same name (which debuted later on Crackle on 16 March 2017) released?
When was the American drama television series which Peter Horton played ole of Professor Gary Shepherd on aired?
What record company released a musical with music by Burton Lane and a book by Alan Jay Lerner?
The 2007 Georgie Bulldogs football team won what bowl game in New Orleans?
What private research university did the opera Trouble in Tahiti make it's first performance?
Who wrote the song recorded by Johnny Cash?
When was the band which released Under the Blacklight formed?
What kind of study does Ryerson University and University of California, Riverside have in common?
Which footballer was substituted for by Dave McEwen and is the eighth highest scorer in the Premier League?
A global hospitality and entertainment company operates destination resorts including Bellagio, and a luxyry resort on the Las Vegas Strip, that is how many stories?
Who is a film director and live(d) the longest, Roy William Neill or Robert Butler?
Were Spring 1945 offensive in Italy and Battle of Chosin Reservoir both parts of World War II?
The Brewers traded Lorenzo Cain to Kansas City for a pitcher who currently plays for what team?
Why was El Zorro de Ojinaga business partner known for?
Facta Loquuntur was the first full length album ever released by a National Socialist black metal band sometimes called what?
Which film starring Oleg Yankovsky did Andrei Tarkovsky direct after "The Sacrifice"?
Which singer from the Almanac Singers was also blacklisted during the McCarthy Era?
What are the two branches of Robert D. Braun's career field?
Amir Zeyada beat which highly rated professional Surinamese-Dutch professional boxer and former kickboxer and mixed martial artist born in 1985?
Billy Collins teaches at a campus in which city and state?
Breidis Prescott and Amir Khan are both?
Which artist worked on orchestral and chamber compositions, Armen Donelian or Edward Manukyan?
Were both Fastbacks and Hüsker Dü formed in Saint Paul, Minnesota?
Which is a hybrid species, Degarmoara or Lavandula?
Between "7 and 7" and "B-52" which cocktail has more major ingredients?
Who is the french novelist that wrote The Hunchback of Notre-Dame?
Danny Cannon and Juan Antonio Bardem are both what?
When is the American hard rock band which performed previously in Jovel Music Hall form?
Sparring with Hemingway was a book that included bouts with the undisputed champion of what weight class from 1980 to 1987?
Al Joyner, husband of heptathlete Jackie Joyner-Kersee, was a gold medalist in which Olympic event in 1984?
Who has more occupational titles, Renny Harlin or Henry Koster?
Of the magazines Hemispheres and In These Times, which is published from Chicago, Illinois?
The Sussex Spaniel and English Cocker Spaniel are both what?
What is one of the most notable features of the resort which replaced that which closed on January 26, 1993?
What is the regions like where the Sisal species is located?
What other actress starred with American actress and scream queen Danielle Harris in the movie Wish Upon a Star?
What is the similarity between the Irish Wolfhound and the Shih Tzu?
Peter "Finn" Wittrock, Jr. made his film debut in a Disney Channel Original Movie that drew how many viewers for its premiere?
What is the home ground for the team George Williams played for that is also known as WBA?
How many songs were on the album by XXXTentacion that included "Jocelyn Flores" released?
The Kingdom of the Netherlands, known as the Netherlands. What Caribbean country is part of that?
Which one of Ted Gibson celebrity clients made her screen debut in an episode of "Law & Order"?
Where was Kearen Pang's first script set?
How many kilometers of coastline does the land that the Malacoctenus hubbsi is native to have?
Which was founded first? Georgia Tech Venture Lab, or Urjanet, Inc.?
Are Vertex Pharmaceuticals and Colgate-Palmolive both based in the United States?
The actress that plays a teenage prostitue in "Taxi Driver" co-stars with Abigail Breslin and Gerard Butler in what 2008 film?
Both Cake and The The are what types of bands?
Where was the author of The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas born?
First movie exhibited in the Ottoman Empire was translated from French into English as what?
What film directed by Kathryn Bigelow did Harold Perrineau star in?
Were V. C. Andrews and John Banville from the same country?
When was the story by Lovecraft that the Xothic legend cycle is based on first published?
What Chicago-based association's publication named Kurt Johnson's book "Nabokov's Blues" a "top 10 book in science" in 2000?
Who died more recently, Dorothy Parker or José Saramago?
In what year was the James Bond parody film produced by Mark Huffam released?
The River Bush's tributary, Saint Columb's Rill, is used to source which distillery in Northern Ireland?
Was Shayang County or Enping formerly romanized?
The first movement of the most vast and dramatic of Dimitry Kabalevsky's three sonatas has been compared to a symphony that was dedicated by is composer to what city?
How many rooms does the Rockefeller house that is above the town of Pocantico Hills have?
Donald Curry, Baron Curry of Kirkharle, served as a chair of this UK registered mutual insurance composite that is based in which region?
Refugee Boy is a novel written by a British writer born in which year?
An American film and television writer is known for a 1983 British American swashbuckler film that was directed by Peter Yates, and was produced by who?
Who wrote the song "Nothing but Your Love Matters" and was a part of a trio with his brothers Steve and Rudy?
Joe Pesci played a character based on the nephew of what man known for being a crime Boss?
Ibou Touray plays for Which Football Club based in the Kersal area of Salford, Greater Manchester, England?
Which happened first, the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River or the Battle of Guam?
The Chaplain of the Austrian branch of the Order of the Golden Fleeze, serves as what?
What science based sets were sold at the department store headquarted in Washington D.C. and founded in 1887?
When was the swimming events at the 2014 South American Games held in Estadio Nacional Julio Martínez Prádanos?
What artist's work was sampled as part of Larry Sanders' collaboration with Coolio?
What year was the ship, in which Sink the Belgrano! was based on, listed as out of service?
The city that Šuazeliai Palace is in is composed of how many quarters?
When did the cricket ground that people take the Old traffic tram stop to get to open?
Which Runaways member later was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Female Rock Vocal Performance in 1993?
What was released second Charlie, the Lonesome Cougar or Mulan?
When was the player named NBA FInals MVP in 1978 inducted into the Hall of Fame?
Which magazine has been published longer, Kiplinger's Personal Finance or The Ring?
What was the antagonist to the 2016 film directed by the lead animator for Laika Entertainment?
In which year did an English-language French action thriller directed by Pierre Morel and starring among other actors the American actress Katherine Evelyn Anita Cassidy first hit the movie theaters?
This puppeteer won the Writers' Guild Award for Best what?
Scenes from the video game Postal 2 can be seen in a music video released in what month?
Which opera, L'elisir d'amore or The Turn of the Screw, premiered first?
Where was the American scout and bison hunter, whom Robert W. Patten claimed to be as historically significant as born?
The Dar es Salaam Institute of Technology is accredited and offers a bachelor of engineering, where is it located?
Which singer is younger, Black Francis or Makoto Koshinaka?
What Adriatic Sea peninsula is the home to Mandalenčići?
For which magazine did the author of the novel "Burn Witch Burn!" serve as an editor?
What is the sport that Henrik Sedin and Daniel Sedin played together throughout their careers?
Daniel Jub was praised in "The Times" by a Royal Air Force Wing Commander who also holds what world record?
What actress starred in "Dynasty" and K-9000?
What is the English translation of the name of the store that Macy's replaced in Boise Town Square?
A man who co-wrote "What A Feeling" with Mike Needle, Jamie Scott, Dan Bryer and Liam Payne became a member of One Direction after being eliminated from what British music competition series?
Henk Dijkhuize currently plays for the team whose stadium is what?
Who founded a 2010 AMA Pro American Superbike Championship title sponsor in Birmingham, England in 1889?
Lithuania at EuroBasket 2007 went 8-1 winning their first Bronze Medal with the help of this player who led the tournament in assists. What position did he play?
How far south is Didxsaj spoken?
What senator has a town named after them in Nevada?
Bayenthaler SV is part of a current day football club that plays in what city?
What role is the actor who played Don Flack best known for?
What city has the greatest population, Tongxiang or Yulin, Shaanxi?
What is the formal name of the party George Perry Mahoney was a candidate for?
Daniel 'Dani' Jimenez plays as a goalkeeper for which "Segunda Division" team?
The 2014–15 Missouri Comets played thier home games in what county?
Where did the Australian politician born who represented the Goulburn electoral district?
If you wanted to visit the Ghana Police College, where would you have to go?
In between Knut Hamsun and Marguerite Duras, who's film is "Hiroshima mon amour"?
What person was the crime movie that featured a cameo from Sean Ringgold about?
This railway station 7.9 kilometres from Adelaide station is situated in what city?
Who logged more hours in space, James P. Bagian or Edward Avedisian?
What was founded first, Playboy or Goldmine?
Where was the subject of Godric born?
What British cinematographer worked on the film Star Wars: The Interactive Video Board Game?
What movie did the artist who performed the Femme Fatale Tour star in?
Cam de Leon created the early artwork of a band that has won how many Grammy Awards?
Joseph Michael Young is professional basketball player for a NBA team first established in what year?
North Ormesby is an area of a town situated just to the south of a major road which in part follows the course of what?
What club does the player who made a penalty kick in the fifth minute of the 2010 Football League Cup Final play for?
Which famous politician was drawn by portrait artist Ellen Semple Barry?
In the Persian epic poem Amir Arsalan, what kind of weapon is Shamshir-e Zomorrodnegār?
Which road is situated just west of the Derbyshire/Cheshire county boundary and is extremely popular with motorcyclists?
Are Drew Renaud and Mikael Salomon both editors?
Who used to coach for the university that ranked 27th in the nation in 2016?
Where is the public-benefit corporation based that held the campaign for the relaunch of Socks the Cat Rocks the Hill?
Who was apart of more bands, Mick Jagger or Geoff Rickly?
When did the team formerly known as the Renault team design the Lotus E20?
Hard Days Night Hotel was used in the film directed by whom?
What is the name of the Canadian actor and musician born in New Glasgow, Nova Scotia and played in the band Sandbox?
Which Norwegian composer and pianist is responsible for Lyric Suite, an orchestration of four to six piano pieces from Book V of his Lyric Pieces, Op. 54?
Andy Kerr played for the English team that was founded in 1880 as what team?
The head basketball coach at Montana Tech from 1981 to 1985 was replaced by whom as interim coach after leaving Indiana University?
Scott Stajcer was selected by the New York Rangers in a draft that took place in which city?
What Paraguayan actress performed in a play based on a folktale called The Little Glass Slipper?
The Mecachrome GP2 V8 was developed for what re-branded racing series?
Professor George W. Bernard typically debates with an English constitutional historian about which historical event?
Who directed the film that was based on a murder for which Raffaele Sollecito was charged?
What year did Chen Yin participate in the Olympics that were NOT held in London?
The James River provides the main drainage between two plateau regions, the large plateau on the eastern side and which other plateau?
Are Laurence Olivier and Aleksandr Ivanovsky both directors?
Which "Please Give" actress also starred in "The L Word'?
In 2007, which network aired the eleventh season of the animated television series created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone?
Which American heavy metal singer, nicknamed "Ripper" from the Judas Priest song, "The Ripper", performs alongside guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen on his 18th studio album, "Relentless"?
What English comedian, screenwriter, actor and singer is a companion of the Twelfth Doctor in the "Doctor Who" series?
What country was the winner of the 1979 South African Grand Prix from?
Samuel Johnson played which Australian music critic and record producer in 2017?
Which game was published first, Splendor or Shadows Over Camelot?
What was noteable about the earliest album that comprised of the second half of the Paul McCartney Collection?
Princess Astrid, Mrs. Ferner is the older sister of a king who ascended to the throne on which day?
The play on which the 1953 film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz was based on was believed to have been written in what year?
What is the name of the Baltic tribe duke known as King Vester?
Which of the two Gumbel brothers, both sportscasters, is older?
A musical who has music by Matthew sklar, lyrics by Chad Beguelin and a book by Beguelin and Tim Herlihy was based on a film from what year?
Community is an American television sitcom that follows an ensemble cast, including what actress who played Trudy Campbell in the AMC drama Mad Men?
Are Jan Troell and Gene Nelson both directors?
Maximum Chase is a 2002 action video game with one of the licensed cars being an automobile designed to compete with what?
Which plug-in hybrid car was designed by a Project Engineer Manager born in Buenos Aires, Argentina?
Who co-wrote the film that Thomas Robsahm produced in 2015?
What property on Fremont Street is owned by Landry's, Inc.?
Which Oklahoma All-American defensive tackle helped the 2010 Tampa Bay Buccaneers achieve the best turnaround in franchise history?
Bernard Vonnegut I was grandfather to which author who wrote "Slaughterhouse-Five"?
What Canadian journalist from Nairobi wrote the Pirates of Somalia?
What was the population as of the 2010 census of the city where Chris Dyson was born?
What title does both Fabián Bielinsky and Murray Grigor hold in the film industry?
What place did the driver demoted by Manor after round 12 od the 2016 Formula One season finish in the 2015 Bahrain GP2 Series round?
Who hosted Saturday Night Live during the premier episode of the season in which Luke Null joined the cast?
Which song by American pop rock band Maroon 5 was on the group's second studio album, "It Won't Be Soon Before Long," as well as the third studio album by Barbadian singer Rihanna?
How long after the assasination of Gerry Hutch did the shoothing of his brother take place?
What actore appears in the film Best Seller and was also in First Blood?
Where does the state, where Annett State Forest is located, rank, by land area, in the United States?
Michael Dante DiMartino and Cyma Zarghami are developing a new series for which network?
What state was the woman, who met Mr. Edwards "the wildcat from Tennessee," originally from?
Goldfinger is planning to steal the gold reserves in the depository in what US state?
Kaine Harling worked on what 2003 film?
Which is farther north, Gainesville Regional Airport or John F. Kennedy International Airport?
The volcano that destroyed the Roman city of Pompeii is located where?
Best-Lock Construction Toys are compatible with a line of construction toys manufactured by a privately held company based out of where?
Which host of Dancing on Ice is most recognized for presenting the lifestyle programme "This Morning"?
When was the earliest version of the story told in La bella dormente nel bosco composed?
Are Kill Hannah and Flyleaf from the same state?
Bruce Edwards Ivins worked at Fort Detrick which hosted most elements of what?
This city is known as the "heart of the Ruby Valley" and contains Gordon Peak which has an elevation of 8478ft?
Which book was written following the first of ten books of the Stormlight Archive by Brandon Sanderson?
Tommy Knight played the role of Brodie in the drama series created by whom?
Noall Wooton was the lead prosecutor of which person who demanded the death penalty for his own trial and was the first person to be executed in 1976?
What is the name of the actor who played Pee-wee Herman on Pee-wee's Playhouse?
The human rights campaigner who was the subject of an unauthorized biography by Jerry Oppenheimer is the widow of what politician?
Who won the French Open more times, Andrés Gimeno or Lucie Šafářová?
Which tennis player was born first, Garbiñe Muguruza Blanco or Tomás Carbonell Lladó?
What region is the city, in which Francesco Filidei was born, located?
Gwendolyn Elaine Armstrong, along with a veteran of which branch of the armed services, attempted to integrate universities in the South?
Jonathan Glazer and Robert Rodriguez both work as what?
Who wrote the music for Danny Burstein's Tony win in Follies?
During which years was the German politician, who issued the Nero Decree, Chancellor of Germany?
Avengers in Galactic Storm was based on primarily the characters briefly known as the Ruul and what other group?
What interactive movie game was originally released for the arcades in 1983?
What is the height of the person that defeat David Wright of the New York?
Are Alicia Molik and Todd Woodbridge both retired professional tennis players?
The author the "Breaking the Surface" won Summer Olympic gold medals in which years?
What is the surname of the person the Czech winner of 12 Grand Slam doubles titles and four Grand Slam mixed doubles titles defeat in the 1998 wimbledon women's singles semifinals?
What sports governing role has been fulfilled by both Helmut Käser and Stanley Rous?
In addition to the Austrian passport, what is needed to gain access to 173 countries and territories?
The Battle of Stones River and Battle of Chickamauga were both fought during what?
What is the population of the city which hosted a Forum for the G8 Climate Change Roundtable?
On what frequency was the Radio station on which Julian Schiller started presenting the "Drive" program?
The Forum Novum was a municipium located today in this Comuni?
What actor starred both in the movie "The Culling" and the HBO series "The Deuce"?
Which American musician wrote Brass in Pocket?
Who is set to appear in the remake of a 1992 movie that's based on One Thousand and One Nights?
Are Peter Murphy and Dave Mustaine from the same country?
Leighton Jordan is an American beauty pageant titleholder from a city located in this county in Georgia?
When did the singer who originally recorded "Twisting the Night Away" pass away?
What date was the Foo Fighter's album released which contains the single "Rope"?
The Mask, starring Jim Carrey, also marked the film debut of which star actress and voice artist?
What was the primary subject of both the March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom and I Have a Dream?
What Australian dramatic coloratura soprano collaborated with Richard Conrad?
Erin Dilly portrays Truly Scrumptious in the 2005 musical based on a film by what author?
Which rapper put out an album that featured a guest appearance from a hip hop artist that had won Best Grime Act at the 2014 and 2015 MOBO Awards?
The band that made the album "The Green Book" is from what city?
"High Enough" is a song by an American supergroup formed in what year?
Which three Disney locations host a ride in which an animatronic character described as "an elderly [male] ghost ... clutching a hatbox" originally appeared in the ride's attic scene?
Who opened Dorin Park Special School and former football player?
What American criminal defense attorney defended an American domestic terrorist who killed two people in the southern United States by bombing?
The creator of the Volta Laboratory and Bureau was credited with patenting what first?
The team that lost to the team coached by Steve Prohm in the second round 2015-16 season's NCAA tournament was coached by whom?
The 2009 United States Open Championship was held in what county?
"Everybody's on the Run" is a song from an album that was the first studio release since it's frontman departed from Oasis in what year?
The Cirrus SR22 aircraft was built by a company founded in what year?
"Woman Don't You Cry For Me" was released in what month?
The Apples in Stereo and SafetySuit are both what?
When did the TV series which showed the episode Nepotism start on NBC?
Which national park has more land area, Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park or the Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park?
Which TV show was hosted by a former professional wrestler known by the ring name Goldberg?
Are both Jim Thompson and Joe Orton citizens of the same country?
Are both the Swedish Vallhund and the Šarplaninac associated with the care of livestock?
Revenge is the debut single from what album released on August 25, 2017?
Lee Ki-young, which stars in Love Me Not, is from which country?
Which writer used more names to write, Annie Proulx or René Crevel?
What position is currently held by the husband of Brigitte Macron?
Woree is the suburb of the what most populous city in Queensland?
Louisiana contains Clairborne parish and was governed by which youngest Congressman in U.S. history?
What town and state does the band who created the album "The New Game" come from?
What animation company worked on How to Train Your Dragon and its four short films?
What was the hunter culture in 12900 to 11700 BP in Sweden?
The Wu experiment was conducted by the physicist who was part of what field of study?
The 2001–02 FC Barcelona season contained a retired footballer who played in what capacity in his days before becoming the current manager?
Huascarán is a mountain that is just shorter than what type of formation in La Rioja Province, Argentina?
Which movie is older, Man from Plains or Chicken Ranch?
What senator delivered the 1980 speech that criticized both a former actor turned 40th American president, and rebuked the then incumbent president?
Which type of Elf is mentioned in The Tale of Beren and Luthien?
What is the best known work of Swiss historian who Henk Schulte Nordholt admired?
What was the nickname of the book that was released in 1959 that was a follow up to another book sharing the same character?
The Beatles' 1964 US album "Something New" contains "When I Get Home", "Slow Down", and which classic song sung in German?
What is the total inmate population in the state New Hampshire State Prison for Men is located in?
The formally known Dr. Hook & the Medicine Show spent how many weeks at number nine on the "Cash Box" Top 100?
Who wrote the tenth track on Oasis' only full album to feature original drummer Tony McCarroll?
How long was the NBA career of the player named NBA Finals MVP in the 1999 NBA Playoffs?
Big Dan Mine and Copperfields Mine are both located in?
New Cathedral Street has the largest store that is located outside London that is a part of what stock index?
Le Chiffre is a fictional character appearing in a novel in which other authors have written authorised Bond novels or novelizations since what year?
The director of Young Captives film Irvin Kershner is from which country?
Mads Clausen was the founder of what company that is a global producer of products and services that are used in areas such as cooling food, air conditioning, heating buildings, and controlling electric motors?
In what series has Ikue Ōtani voice-acted that is based on manga by Kishimoto?
What is a sub-group of Indigenous peoples of the Pacific Northwest Coast in which David A. Boxley identifies with?
Cat Marnell was an editor for the magazine founded by whom?
Volcano Live was commissioned following the success of a British television programme on astronomy that first broadcast when?
Are both Stephen Roberts and Louis King american film director?
Who lived a longer life, Cid Corman or Witold Gombrowicz?
Danny Brown’s latest studio album is primarily produced by whom?
What is the mission of the humanitarian aid and development agency of which Michelle Nunn is the president?
Rob & Big follows Rob Dyrdek and his best friend with what nickname?
After releasing "Wavering Radiant" in 2009, how many full-length albums had Isis released?
South Korean actress Bae Doona, known for her role in 2000 television series "Look Back in Anger", had an English-speaking role in which 2012 film directed by the Wachowski siblings?
New Synagogue, Düsseldorf was pillaged during the 1938 event that took place on which two days?
Wholeness and the Implicate Order is a book by an American scientist who contributed unorthodox ideas to what?
How Bridget's Lover Escaped was directed by what French illusionist who was one of the first filmmakers to use storyboards?
A writer on "Bob's Burgers" also has writing credit on a show that parodies what region (the same where he grew up) using anthropomorphic squids?
Who directed the movies"Only God Forgives" and "Bronson"?
What team did Carlos Dunlap play against in the 2009 BCS national championship?
Which happened first, the founding of the modern state of Belgium or Magellan's voyage of discovery of the Philippines?
Who is the author born in 1817 that is associated with a pond from which Frederic Tudor sold ice?
How did both Rosemary Brown and Robert Schumann contribute to musical pieces?
Who was the director of the 2012 American horror film, which was the sequel to the 2009 home invasion horror film The Collector?
How many Emmy Awards did The Infinite Mind's weekly commentary provider win?
Which opera has more acts Destiny or Rienzi?
Which Domestic Disturbance star was born on February 18, 1954?
Lisa Howard created the character of Jenny for this Broadway musical which ran between what dates?
Which of the following won the 2001 GMA award for "Male Vocalist of the Year": ICS Vortex or Mac Powell?
The Scribbler co-staring Kunal Nayyar, was directed by who?
Laura is a talk show hosted by the presenter whose work appears on what network?
Former Fath Tehran F.C. member, Vahid Hashemian, was born in what year?
Which World Cup was famous for allegations of match-fixing between West Germany and Austria, where the referee was from Scotland?
What is the author of Aleph most famous for writing?
What do Léonce Perret and Larry Cohen have in common in the film industry?
The team expected to make their home stadium upon its proposed completion is based where?
Are The Tea Party and Alien Ant Farm from the same country?
What building did Philip Hooker work on that has a 202 ft tall tower at its southwest corner?
What position in Nazi Germany did the author of Inside the Third Reich have?
Thomas Carleton lived in a village on the coast of what sea?
Golan Sipel an Israeli consultant is best known for his relationship with this man the 52nd governor of new jersey?
Gene Hackman won an Academy Award for best actor in a movie directed by who?
Who was an Indian professional tennis player a defending champion with at the 2008 Pacific Life Open?
Si me llevas contigo is an album by a singer and songwriter of what nationality?
Who plays the role of a driver for hire in the film which included the Kanye West single, "Muzik" from the extended play L.A. Confidential presents: Knoc-turn'al?
The San Diego Chargers drafted a new quarterback in 1998, who eventually played how many seasons in the NFL?
SMUD Headquarters Building is the headquarters for the residents of what neighboring county?
The eastern terminus of the Tung Chung Line sits underneath an integrated commercial development located where?
The Democratic nominee for a US Senate seat in Missouri in 2016 defeated what Republican politician in 2012?
Who was the British Conservative Party politician who was the highly energetic Prime Minister of the Wartime Coalition Government (1916–22)?
What county in Massachusetts has a state forest and an island that the Rowley River runs by?
Debbie Burton is best known for dubbing the singing voice of the young Baby Jane Hudson in a 1962 film directed by who?
Who does Kristen Stewart's character get married to in the fourth novel in "The Twilight Saga"?
Which Australian politician died the year after Sir Reginald William Colin Swartz became known as the Minister for Civil Aviation?
What island is included in the geographic area home to a variety of publications describing Hong Kong Cantonese as "Hong Kong speech"?
Who is an English alternative comedian also known as a writer and presenter of radio and television?
The Snowball family included Nathaniel, who was recorded in a document that held names and descriptions of what?
Author and businessman Rolf Dobelli created a non-profit foundation in his native city to connect science, business and cultural figures. In which country?
Days of Future Future is a continuation of the Simpsons episode that originally aired on what date?
What two states share the same capital where GVIET is located?
Who is this American rapper and actor who was one of the best-selling music artists of all time and worked on the 1995 song Runnin' from tha Police with a few other artists?
The 2010-11 season Celtic football coach is now the head coach of what team?
The iHeartRadio Jingle Ball Tour 2014 ended at the home of what National Hockey League team?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the village in which Fresh Meadow Country Club is located?
Which recording artist released its fourth studio album, titled Ether, which featured a guest appearance from singer, songwriter and rapper CeeLo Green?
How many comapnies own and operate the railway and metro station in Renens,Vaud, Switzerland?
In what nation is it the job of Mousa Esmaeilpour to support learns or clients in achieving a specific personal or professional goal specifically in bodybuilding?
Which American television sportscaster born in 1944 is a game commentator in Madden NFL 2005?
WCW Nitro Grill, located in Excalibur Hotel and Casino, was owned and operated by who?
Unimog is a range of multi-purpose all-wheel drive medium trucks produced by what German manufacturer of motor vehicles that was founded in 1926?
What is the middle name of the man who composed John's Book of Alleged Dances?
In what country was "Glendora" released by a company whose name was also used for television and radio sets?
Kate Lamb is best known for playing anurse Delia Busby in a BBC drama series produced by what company?
Are Monster Beverage and Gilead Sciences both American companies?
Who was born second, Anita Shreve or Guillaume Apollinaire?
The 2011 South Korean drama film The Crucible starred an actor who was best known for what two movies in 2016?
Where do the team for which John David Voigt is the current hitting coach play?
What company published the video game whose main protagonist is Altaïr Ibn-La'Ahad?
On which street is the sister venue of Plowright Theatre in Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire located?
Which is the tallest skyscraper, Manhattan Life Insurance Building or 1717 Broadway?
Sussanne Khan is the former wife of the son of which filmmaker?
In what number military engagement of the Texas revolution was Come and take it used as a slogan?
Are both Calvin College and California State Polytechnic University, Pomona located in the United States of America?
Were novelists Alfred Döblin and Nevil Shute both doctors?
Who reversed the Sixth Circuit's decision, paving the way for same-sex marriage to become legal in places like Ohio?
Are both Jean Genet and Nicola Black of European decent?
The actress providing the voice of Eliza Thornberry also stars in a holiday film ranking within The New York Times' Top 5 Holiday TV movies that is directed by whom?
Beyond Einstein is a book by a theoretical physicist who has authored how many "New York Times" best sellers?
Which city was named after the Union Army colonel and the president of the Cape Fear Building Company?
In what region of Central and East Africa is the company which manages teh Fanisi Venture Capital Fund located?
John Fish unsuccessfully chaired an effort to have Boston host what forthcoming international event?
Which person/band, Corey Taylor or Jawbox, is more affiliated with death metal type music?
StevenBuscemi was in Barton Fink a Coen brothers film that was created in what year?
Are Mala Mala and An Inconvenient Truth documentaries about the same subject?
Both Bertrand Russell and Marshall McLuhan were philosophers during the same era, but did only Marshall McLuhan taught at the University of Cambridge.?
Which singer is from Wales, Kelly Jones or Patrick Stump?
When did the war where the Mafeking Cadet Corps were founded end?
Anti-pedophile activism advocates for victims below the what?
Kilcoy Castle and Dalcross Castle are both in what country?
Saratoga Springs is a train station owned by a public benefit corporation that runs the day-to-day management of what other Amtrak station in the Capital region?
Who were the creators of the character played by Michael B. Jordan in the film "Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox"?
The famous character brought to America on the ship Lord Ligonier passed away in which year?
In what years did Jo Platt's predecessor hold her office?
Who directed the film in which Brian Patrick Stepanek had a supporting role in, which was released on July 22, 2005?
Who played the main antagonist in the New Zealand television film, The Hunchback?
Which character in the 1994 film "The Lion King" did this American actor, voice actor, and director from the voice cast of "The Tangerine Bear" play?
What company headquartered in San Ramon, California and third in the Fortune 500 list of the top US closely held and public corporations, owns the Petronius tower?
How many square miles are occupied by the mountain range that Nez Perce Pass is located in?
Which Country are Merck & Co. and Melior Discovery based out of?
What did Drake do prior to working with Ricci Riera?
Along with Russell Simmons, the producer of the Avett Brothers album "Magpie and the Dandelion" co-founded what record label?
Girolamo Amaldi is a professor of what at the oldest university in continuous operation in Europe?
What event, organized by Xu Chao Ping, saw Liu Hua receive an award for Best Supporting Actor?
Do the bands Foje and Evermore both come out of Feilding, New Zealand?
The sole goal-scorer in the 2015-16 Coppa Italia championship game plays what position for Chelsea's team?
Which genre do the movies You've got mail and Sano Sansar have in common?
Who is the nephew of Helmuth Karl Bernhard who was once involved with the Moltke Nunataks?
What height was the singer who in 1952, along with Buddy Morrow recorded the song "Got You on My Mind?
What city features an exhibit on Laurence Madin's work on salps?
Wild and Woolly starred the American actor who was also a professional in what other discipline?
Karl Paley Cohen workd within a group that included an American physicist who won the Nobel Price in Physics for his discovery of what?
When was the writer of the thirteenth episode of "30 Rock" born?
Peace Internation School, a private institution in the Western Part of Ghana, is loacted in the hometown of whose father?
Boston Market Corporation is a chain of American fast casual restaurants headquartered in a municipality founded on 16 June 1859 during what?
In the movie The Berlin File, Kim Sung-hoon stars as an agent for what country?
Are both Janus and Velvetpark websites based on the feminist culture?
What 'instrument' do both Sigurd Wongraven and Tina Turner play/use to perform?
The Park Creek Fire is currently burning in what county in Montana?
Sai Chand is an Indian film actor popularly known for his role in film written and directed by who?
What engine did Ayrton Senna's nephew use in the 2012 F1 season.?
George of the Jungle 2 starred an actor born October 8, 1993 best known for playing who?
What day was the editor of Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl born?
Who is younger Cody Hodges or Seth Doege?
Where is the American professional basketball was co owned by Clay Bennett based?
Which Division One Football League sponsored by "Carlsberg" is based in Ellesmere Port, Chesire, England?
What is another description for the subject of magazines published by Paul Raymond Publications?
The New York-New York Hotel and Casino, located in Paradise, Nevada, features which roller coaster?
Who does Óscar Pérez Rojas currently play for?
Are both Hangu District, Tianjin and Wuxi cities in China?
Which artist was born first, M. Shadows or D. S. Bradford?
Of Fir and Canistrum, which is of the botanical family Bromeliaceae?
The John D. Rockefeller Estate was largely produced in part by William W. Bosworth, who was responsible for what mansion in New Jersey?
Nina Auchinocloss Straight is the sister of which American writer?
Satish Chandra Maheshwari is a former professor at Jaipur National University and a univeristy founded in what year?
What type of media does Final Score and Wordplay have in common?
Of the two fighters in the "Rumble in the Jungle" which one is also an ordained minister?
What is the name of the class guided missile destroyer named for the female who was a pioneer of computer programming responsible for inventing one of the first compiler related tools?
Where does spanish footballer Pere Milla Peña's team play it's home games?
What type of land area does Ateneo de Manila University and University of KwaZulu-Natal have in common?
Which star of A New Kind of Family received a BAFTA award nomination for Best Supporting Actress?
2006 marked the first appearance in the Champions League final of a football team from which city?
What continent does the genus of Gorillini that is still living mainly inhabit?
Who led the 9th Army Corps to victory in the Third Battle of Picardy?
What the current role of the person who defined spatial intelligence in humans?
Which Swedish footballer led Milan to victory in the 1968 European Cup Winners' Cup Final?
What election was held because of a swimming disappearance?
Who was a member of more bands, Richie Furay or David Byrne?
What British singing group released a single in 1984 based on a 1974 film directed by a five-time nominee of the Academy Award for Best Director?
Where was a unique copy of a grammar by an a medieval Andalusian polymath found?
The series Bottersnikes and Gumbles includes a castmember who won a BAFTA Award for her role in which film?
Who died first, Brian O'Nolan or Bernard Malamud?
What geographical area of England is Leavesden, Hertfordshire located?
Are Sam Roberts and Guided by Voices both Canadian?
Would Karl Mildenberger's fighting style indicate that he is left-handed or right-handed?
Olivia Newton-John has how many more Grammy wins than the number of performers in the Main Event Tour?
Code of the Clans is a field guide in a novel series written by a group of authors that collectively use what pseudonym?
Strike It Rich starred what member of "The Facts of Life"?
What was the fourth solo album by the musician best known as a guitarist, vocalist and songwriter for Hüsker Dü and Sugar?
Somebody Wrote Love is the fourth studio album by a singer who holds what appointment in the Canadian Forces?
When was the movie in which both Jackie Chan and Chen Baoguo were in, filmed?
What Avalanche actor also set a Guinness World record?
Which team did Tadas Simaitis's team win to end a 5-game losing streak?
What do Courtney Love and Paul Rodgers have in common?
Are Cunninghamia and Saponaria both types of evergreens?
Who was born first, Francis Nethersole or Elizabeth Stuart, Queen of Bohemia?
Windsor Beach, located in the northern portion of Lake Havasu, alongside the 1450 mi river, known as the "Colorado River", is administered by who?
This famous baseball player played the same position as his older brother, Vince, and was best know. For a hitting streak that still stands today?
The four employees killed in the 2004 Forward Operating Base Marez bombing were from a company who employs how many people?
Were both Max Green and Cherie Currie females?
In Shakespeare's Hamlet, what is the name of the daughter of the character referred to as a tedious old fool by Hamlet?
What year did the football player born on November 3, 1955 retire?
Karen Blixen and E. E. Cummings share?What job did both?
Who was one of the seven original astronauts in Project Mercury and also set an eight-day space endurance record along with Pete Conrad?
Which of the following is featured on several television programs on Food Network: Konstantin Orbelyan or Geoffrey Zakarian?
What 1966 animated series features villains such as Brak the catlike space pirate and a 7 foot green mantis?
Egmont Key State Park lies southwest of what park that is operated by Pinellas County on five offshore keys?
WASP-17b is located in a constellation identified by which astronomer?
The city where the Anubis Shrine was found was known to the ancient Egyptians as what?
The Birmingham bid for the 2022 Commonwealth Games?
Which is an herb, Aucuba or Leontice?
What was the nickname of the boxer to which Milton Núñez lost the interim WBA middleweight title?
Are both Nickelodeon Magazine and Southern Living children's based magazines?
Farce of the Penguins was a parody of the documentary directed by whom?
Cardinal Pole Roman Catholic School is named after the last Roman Catholic Archbishop of what location?
What is the area of the shipyard in which Last Gaga's ArtRave was held?
Both Jacques Audiard and Howard Hughes both held one common job title, what title was this?
Who was the producer of the the band whose hits included "Walk like an Egyptian" and "Manic Monday"?
Who was Romaine Patterson's friend who was beaten, tortured, and left to die near Laramie?
Which Australian cricketer served as an on-field captain in the Glamorgan County Cricket Club?
When did Samira Wiley begin filming The Handmaid's Tale?
Grover Norquist launched the K Street Project, which political party do they represent?
Which woman is the mother of Princess Iman bint Abdullah and three other children?
What Britain's Got Talent judge is also the editorial director of "First News", a British national newspaper for children?
The Lorenz and Lugerde Ginthner House is located in what city along the Mississippi River?
What 3 companies were housed in the tallest building in New York until 1931?
Which Norwegian theatre award is named after a 1891 play?
What river is by the University that Ann Trindade was educated at?
The song with a Roud Folk Song Index number of 5249 is played by a toy with what type of figure inside?
American Kim Wilson and Englishman Baz Warne are both accomplished musicians, but are they both singers?
Which voice actor sang "Born to be Wild" as Miss Piggy on the 1994 Kermit Unplugged?
Which magazine inspired two pioneering conferences, Latina or ROCKRGRL?
The Barley Marathons and Frozen Head State Park can be found in what state?
What is the birthday of the band member of the group 58 who also formed Motley Crue, Sister, and Brides of Destruction?
How many children did the follower of the Puritan clergyman who received both a B.A. and M.A. at Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge in the seventeenth century have?
What did the sucessor wish for his country, Austria after the leader was executed?
Who stars in the film based on a short story by Daphne du Maurier with cinematography by Anthony B. Richmond?
Which Togolese professional footballer endorsed the song "Skelewu"?
Which town in New Hampshire includes the villages of North Sanbornton and Gaza and is also home to the Bay Meeting House and Vestry?
Which film includes more game organizations, Tar Creek and Monster Camp?
Are Stanley Kramer and Hubert Sauper of the same nationality?
Who was born first Jimmy "Duck" Holmes or Skip James?
Which famous Super 1 kart champion has also raced Formula One for Minardi and Super Aguri?
The Oster Conspiracy hoped to reinstate the grandson of which British Monarch as Emperor?
Akihiro Gono is one of only four men to defeat the Mixed Martial Artist who has what nationality?
Which airport Rapid City Regional Airport and Chattanooga Metropolitan Airport is closer to its local city?
Which restaurant has more locations, Snappy Tomato Pizza or Shakey's Pizza?
Which Library is located near The Henry Ford and the Glass House in Michigan?
How many ships were in the task force that Francis McLean became famous for defendin New Ireland against?
Georgia Clay is a song written by what American singer-songwriter who has recorded for Hollywood Records, Threshold Records, and DNK Records?
What county is WEVC located in?
Which writer was born first, Italo Svevo or James Redfield?
What is the name of the project launched in 1970 by Verghese Kurien?
Minken Fosheim had success writing books for children about which Norwegian Composer?
Datuk Kamarudin is the Chairman of which comany that has its head office at Kuala Lumpur International Airport?
What consequence of the Townshend Acts resulted in the deaths of five people by British soldiers?
Which British-Australian author wrote the book "Evolution: A Theory in Crisis"?
Clive Farahar is one of approximately how many people employed by BBC?
Are Bolling v. Sharpe and Whole Woman's Health v. Hellerstedt both cases dealing with personal rights?
What was the shop visited by Gemmy Industries product development vice president Joe known for?
What Indian tabla player that belonged to the Benares Gharana of Hindustani classical music did Kumar Bose hone his skill under the tutelage of?
In 2016, which NHL player achieved the same status as the baseball player featured in 1989's movie "Field of Dreams"?
Didi Akinyelure won a BBC World news Award that was named for what Ghanaian journalist who was the main presenter of the BBC World News program "Focus on Africa"?
Is Ratatouille and It's a Small World made by the same company?
Which University was founded first University of Chicago or New York University?
Which of the plants covers a larger part of the world, Calibrachoa or Astilboides?
Steve Pink is the co-writer of what film that starred John Cusack, Minnie Driver, Alan Arkin, and Dan Aykroyd?
What was the population at the 2011 census of the suburb in which Brett Roneberg was born?
What stadium does Álex Colorado play in?
The actress of Julie Mora Cooper Hovath played which role in the sitom One Day at a Time?
What was the main setting for the Steven Seagal film Under Siege?
What influence did works based on the Faust such as Damn Yankees have over time?
The Anti-Pamela; or Feign’d Innocence Detected is a 1741 novel written by Eliza Haywood as a satire of of a novel that was criticized for what?
How many bombs were used in the attack that killed Tim and Jonathan Ball?
What swedish songwriter also produced an album called Ted?
What program was Wernher von Braun credited with inventing and did Helmut Gröttrup help in managing?
What is the exact address of the building Ruth Kristiansen bought in Copenhagen?
In his final MLB at bat Bud Hardin grounded out to a player who was inducted into the Baseball hall of fame in what year?
Were Jerzy Kawalerowicz and Richard Marquand both from Wales?
Which philosophy is associated with the French philosopher, known for his play, which later became a film directed by Vittorio De Sica?
Among David Bowers and John G. Adolfiwho was an American silent film director?
Where is the striker who scored 19 goals during the 2007–08 Blackburn Rovers F.C. season from?
Who stared in "How to Marry a Billionaire: A Christmas Tale" and "Full House"?
Which scientist was a pioneer in the computing field, Robert Nalbandyan or Avie Tevanian?
Out of the Ordinary was a book by the author whose 2004 nonfiction work was a companion to a TV series broadcast on what British network?
First Charter Bank became part of what regional bank, headquartered in Cincinnati?
The Pilot/Observer Badge was awarded to a military leader from which party?
What is the name of town Richard J. Wood graduated college from?
Which of the actor starred in Apariencias was born in Buenos Aires?
Stevens Worldwide Van Lines have a specialty division for what type of commercial storage?
What type of film was it that featured the actress who is regarded as the greatest actress of all time?
Are New England Offering and Women's Running both text based forms of media?
Which singer is older, Jeon Ji-yoon or Jaren Johnston?
Robert Chapin has trained with which late stand-up comedian and actor from San Francisco?
David Harris, an Australian actor and singer, starred opposite of which actor in "Les Miserables" who is also a distinguished professor in musical theater?
Which has more campuses, University of Greenwich or Kasetsart University?
WrestleMania III led to Hulk Hogan defending is title against which French pro wrestler?
Olli Ojanaho was born in a city situated how for from the Arctic Circle?
How much does the star of Teddy Bear weigh?
What type of media does Se Amar Mon Kereche and French Kiss have in common?
Who is the bassist of the band that Mike McCready founded?
Which director has won more awards, Oliver Stone or James Cunningham?
What is the sector of Inventus Capital Partners that deals with mobile communication, mobile hardware, and mobile software?
Dancing on Ice included which Australian choreographer as a judge?
What is the nationality of the composer of the soundtrack of "Krishnaveni Panjaalai"?
What organization does Capture of Stuff Redoubt and 36th have in common?
When did the man who Lord Frederick Charles Cavendish was a protege of last serve as Prime Minister?
What year did Les Scadding win the EuroMillions lottery?
The Raconteurs and The Dead Weather both could be described as what kind of group?
Which organization runs the Christian feast day celebrated on 13 December in Advent?
Which actor who starred in "The Matrix" wrote, directed and starred in the film "Once in a Lifetime"?
The Metoac was part of the indigenous people of the Northeastern Woodlands and which other cultural group?
The non-profit organization, Simon Youth Foundation's parent company is an American commercial real estate company and also the largest what in the United States?
The 2011 Major League Soccer All-Star Game included goals from the English player who primarily plays for which club?
What is the name of the 2013 rock band tour that Jung Yong-hwa is the lead singer of?
Do James M. Cain and Lee Child have the same nationality?
What do these peoples of many nations and tribal affiliations, whom global maritime and naval historian Barry M. Gough had good relations with, believe as a resource and spiritual symbol?
What are both Commodore 64 and Memotech MTX?
An animal carcass tha twashed ashore on a beach under the Brooklyn Bridge has been compared to another animal carcass that washed ashore on a beach near Montauk, New York, in what year?
What part of the world do the Viezenbeek and Lindemans Brewery hale from?
Which "Australia's Next Top Model" co-host appeared in John Wick: Chapter 2?
Bailey Hall was built by the same architect as that who created the building that goes by which other name?
Lazing on a Sunday Afternoon was written by the singer-songwriter of what nationality?
Who was the interviewee in an interview arranged by a co-founder of the the "Sturmabteilung" for British journalist Sefton Delmer in 1931?
What actor born in 1938 starred in Hira Aur Patthar?
What is the slogan of the airline that has one of its hubs in Sir Captain Charles Kirkconnell International Airport?
What was Jack Buck's younger brother's job?
What type of compilation does Chris Harris and Into the Labyrinth have in common?
What identical process will take place for gubernatorial elections and United States Congress elections if vacancies arise?
Bill Nye hosted a self-titled show, which was predecessor to "The Eyes of Nye"; what was the final air date of that predecessor show?
Do both the Kintamani and Alpine Mastiff still exist?
What position did Michael Platt Jr originally hold working for the politician representing Tennessee's 7 congressional district?
Who established himself as the acclaimed host of televisions show and was in a Austrian-West German musical comedy film?
Which film featuring Kelly Rohrbach was relased in 2017 and directed by Seth Gordon?
Tripel beer was first introduced in 1956, by which Belgian abbey brewery?
Evolution: A Theory in Crisis is a 1985 book by a biochemist and Senior fellow at Discovery Institute's Center for what?
How old is the currently active shield volcano located in the Kaʻ ū Desert?
In between Michael Vartan and Vartan Gregorian who is is a French-American actor?
What record did Jacues Piccard's father break?
What did residents claim to encounter one evening in 1955 on US 41 at Kelly, Kentucky, leading to an annual festival of Little Green Men?
The Olympics Hassan Al-Absi competed in took place in what city?
Hudson's bay trading became involved in fur trading with this individual born in riviere-Ouelle?
A Place in Time and South of the Border are both examples of what kind of film?
Rock and Roll Preacher is a song that was written by the lead vocalist who co-wrote most of his material with what Slade bassist?
Who is from farther east, Brett Hestla or Tim Wheeler?
In what city is the consulting corporation located?
What was the title of the father of this sovereign duke of the Duchy of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha who composed the opera "Diana von Solange"?
What type of genre do Dennis Miller and the film Bordello of Blood have in common?
Worker: Worker: Which airport is closer to their nearest city, Phoenix–Mesa Gateway Airport or José Aponte de la Torre Airport?
Which genus has more species, Itea or Anthriscus?
Who met a singer that has released twelve regular studio albums, mostly through Virgin Records, while attending Pitzer College in Claremont, California?
What is the subtitle of the opera conducted by Nikolai Rimsky-Korsakov at Novaya Opera?
Which British-Pakistani actor starred in a 2010 British satirical dark comedy film directed by Chris Morris?
Which writer created the superhero which is one of actress Kysten Ritter's best known role?
What was the name of the documentary a famous British actress (who won the Triple Crown of Acting) narrated?
Who played football longer, Y.A. Tittle or Lou Cordileone?
What city in France has a hall named after the commander of the American Expeditionary Force on the Western Front in World War I?
What center is located one block away from where The Blast play their home games?
What do Munto and Macross Frontier have in common?
What Dominican diplomat (and rumored political assassin) was related to Porfirio Rubirosa Ariza?
What singer with real name of Jane was a guest on Sarkodie's live album?
Q: Sir Partha Sarathi Dasgupta was he Frank Ramsey Professor Emeritus of Economics at St. John's College, which is a constituent college of?
What is the top speed of the faster roller coaster, when comparing Green Lantern and The Riddler's Revenge?
What Nigerian president appointed the Managing Director of the NPA in 2016?
Ife Holmes played for an NBL team that joined the league in what year?
What song was the theme song for the television drama series One Tree Hill and was from Gavin DeGraw's 2003 album?
Who established the British musical theatre project that revived a lesser-known work of award-winning lyricist Alan Jay Lerner?
Which is farther north, Cincinnati Municipal Lunken Airport or Yakima Air Terminal?
Where is the clubhouse of the Danish football club that lost in the 2010-11 Danish Superliga?
What combination of rock instrumentation would you hear in Radiohead's song Go to Sleep?
What University located in Richmond, Virginia did Shawn Gallant attend?
Who is the older mixed martial artiest, Yushin Okami or Nate Marquardt?
Which musician was born first, Raimund Marasigan or Tom Robinson?
What is the name of the book written by the star of the number 1 discovery health show?
What was the position of Yehia Emam in the Alexandria games?
What is the college athletic conference that the tribal university located in Lawrence, Kansas is part of affiliated with?
Who was the ruler of an ancient city located Northwest of the junction of the Euphrates and Tigris and had several statues found in southern Mesopotamia?
What are the modern names of branches of this navigable canal that passes through the Henhull parish?
Shum Laka is a site that was important to the diffusion of the people who were from what continent?
Robert Case is best known for inspiring the naming of what nor'easter that absorbed Hurricane Grace?
The Ingaevones and the Istvaeones tribal groups were what kind of group?
According to the 2010 census what was the population of the city to which the KZUH radio tation is licensed?
Ligo Scientific Collaboration appointed an American physicist as it's first spokesperson, who was a professor of physics at what university?
Are Charlie Dominici and Andy Yorke both nationals of the same country?
Where can both Himalayacalamus and Pterocarya be found?
Who has has filled more film industry job titles, Dorothy Arzner or Herbert Ross?
What company does this singer-songwriter and record producer who worked with this South Korean boy group whose name describes its concept of having multi-sub units based in various cities worldwide?
Adam Arkapaw worked on which movie co-written by Adam Cooper?
When was "Dapper" Danny Hogan head of Minnesota's branch of the oldest organized crime group in the United States?
Where is the debut novel by Indian writer Arundhati Roy set?
When was the film released that included the song "Love"?
Who directed a 1938 American comedy film starring the husband of Cyd Charisse?
Joe Johnston is an American film director best known for such effects-driven movies as "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids" (1989), "Jumanji" (1995) and what other movie?
Which rock band is located closest to Springfield, Illinois, Strangers in Paradise or Eleventh Dream Day?
What is Area 2 a division of that includes Nuclear weapons testing?
In 2004 the Democratic Senator from Hawaii was elected to his what term?
The ancestral home of George Henry Moore was burned down during a conflict that ended on what date?
Who is the actor who was in the first "Star Wars" prequel trilogy and in a Christmas comedy film?
Which actor played the evil wizard capable of creating and manipulating ice and snow in "Adventure Time"?
Who directed the episode of "Black Mirror" in which Daniel Kaluuya played Bing?
Thomas Reiter and Hans Schlegel both shared a job where?
George Clinton held what rank with the New York state's military and naval forces?
Which peak is taller, Gyachung Kang or Mamostong Kangri?
Juan Perez de Zurita arrived at the capital that lies on which river in 1558?
Are both Big Country and Sum 41 Irish Rock Bands?
What is the newer title of the game published by Sega that also describes the job title of Dave Rogers?
The World Hunger Relief si an annual campaign by a company centered around what?
Born in Africa was written by a Nigerian-Born musician who is based in which continent?
What year was the father of Maurizio D'Ancora born?
What compounds also known as ferric oxide is used in ceramic colorants?
When was the brand founded which specializes in youth and teenage clothing and in which Miller has appeared except Myer?
Which of these is from the series that has released films as of 2009, Scooby-Doo! and the Samurai Sword or Superman/Batman: Public Enemies?
What is the common name of the transit authority that runs through a census-designated place on the east shore of Lake Tahoe?
Between Nikki, Wild Dog of the North and Miracle which movie was about the United States men's hockey team?
What is the middle name of the country singer who wrote the album of share Your Love?
What town is Hore Abbey located near?
Gordon Gekko is a fictional character in the movie Wall Street, played by who?
What number season of the National Football League was Paul King the umpire on Ronald Torbert's crew?
Which German composer, organist, and teacher's son was a composer, organist and harpsichordist of the late Baroque era?
N.E.E.T. Recordings is an record label and acronym first used in the United Kingdom that stands for what?
Who directed the 1994 comey film in which Jonathan Hyde played Herbert Cadbury?
The Imperials were the first pro team of a US national team goalkeeper that was born in what year?
What did Holger Klose achieve in the 8th largest city in Germany?
What type of publication is Popular Mechanics and Sojourners?
When was the great uncle of the creator of the Broadway musical "Hamilton" and founder of the Puerto Rican Independence Party born?
Make America Psycho Again alludes to the campaign slogan first used by which Republican in 1980?
In what year was the Indian female singer born who does the song "Meri Chunar Udd Udd Jaye"?
Boys' Life has its headquarters in Irving, Texas, Paper is based in what city?
What French empire was the Imperial Bonapartist regime of Charles-Louis Napoléon Bonaparte?
Which singer who appeared on The Jane Pickens Show was married to Debbie Reynolds?
What do Scandal and More Cattle, Less Bull have in common?
Which of the stars in "Home Sweet Hell" was born on November 24, 1978?
Which of these two football teams finished their 2014 season with more wins the 2014 TCU Horned Frogs football team or the 2014 Baylor Bears football team?
Somebody Up There Likes Me starred the actor who played Ron Swanson on what NBC sitcom?
Which operation took place farther north, Operation Nordwind or Gothic Line?
The singer that released single "Just Hold On" wrote on what song with Richard Boardman?
"Everything Has Changed" is a song from an album released under which record label?
Which actress starred alongside an actor known for portraying gangsters in a 1940 film?
What musical did Killian Donelly perform in based on the life of Dewey Phillips?
The Isaacs are a band that include which Christian music singer?
Which 2003 Disney Channel Original Movie features the song "World of Our Own" by the Irish boy band Westlife?
Are the Harrier and King Shepherd both hybrids?
The granddaughter of the namesake of The Merchants of Bollywood Is known for what?
What is the name of the Hong Kong martial arts film that is directed by Wilson Yip and stars both Mike Tyson and Danny Chan?
Who was born first Nick Hexum or Kim Sung-kyu?
Where is the Dallas team is a member of the Nation Football Conference located?
During which was did Beatrice Shilling invent a simple technical device made to counter engine cut-out in early Spitfire and Hurricane fighter aeroplanes?
Glaube Feitosa fought full bouts against the Dutch kickboxer who won the K-1 World Grand Prix how many times?
Dave Criscione's hometown is a city in which county of New York?
When was the British statesman under which Peter Kirk was a minister in his government born?
What bowl game did the Oklahoma Sooners defeat the Auburn Tigers in the 2016 NCAA Division 1 FBS football season?
Which member of the 2011 New Orleans Saints season hails from Purdue University and broke the single season passing record set by Dan Marino?
Which man owns the company that owns Fox Sports Ohio?
Why did the actor who played Leo on "That 70's Show" stop touring with "The Marijuana-logues"?
Which university has the most people enrolled, University of Oklahoma or University of Delaware?
The Witches of Eastwick was a film based on a book by the author who won what prize more than once?
The song "Synchronicity I" was written by a musician born in what year?
What was the name of the spaceship in whose pilot and copilots involved in the Rebel Alliance's struggle against the Galactic Empire?
In Frozen Fever, a short animated sequel to the hit movie, Queen Elsa of Arendelle organizes a party to celebrate whose birthday?
Vincent Cirelli worked on what film centered on the development of the 1964 film "Mary Poppins"?
What is the capital of the country in which Lokovina is located?
Who was born first, Tom Green or Ford Beebe?
What were the main subjects of photographs taken by William Clarridge in a medium-sized historic market town close to the western boundary of Hertfordshire, England?
The Lake Koocanusa Scenic Byway begins in what county?
For which state was the 44th Vice President of the United States a state senator?
Today's Pulse shares staff and resources with it's sister publication, that is a daily newspaper formed in 2013 from a merger between the Hamilton JournalNews and what other newspaper?
What is the name of the American artist who was part of a duo that mainly painted on the streets of downtown Manhattan?
Which Irish province is Julie Feeney from?
Which territory in the Comoro Islands did French politician Thani Mohamed Soilihi represent?
What was the actress which acted the role of Nell Trent best known for?
Where did David J. Wales attend school prior to attending this collegiate public research university in Cambridge, England founded in 1209?
Which matriarch of the Melbourne based criminal family headed Pettingill family?
What is the name of this American law firm headquartered in Little Rock, Arkansas, which was co-founded by Robert Crittenden?
In which country did Mai Yamane last perform abroad?
What was unusual about the venue of the 1957 European Cup Final and 2012 UEFA Champions League Final?
Social seating is currently available with a few airlines, notably the flag carrier airline of the Netherlands whose hub is located where?
Is Ween or Superdrag from further north?
Where is the shipbuilding company which MS Marina was constructed at based in?
What was the governing body of the national team that Nobuyuki Kojima played for?
Which newspaper had more publishers, Woman's Viewpoint or Bust?
Which magazine focuses on more fields, The Watchtower or GQ?
The 2013 Denver Broncos were coached by which now-coach of the Chicago Bears?
In between Bosnian Coarse-haired Hound and Small Greek Domestic Dog, which one is hunting dog?
What were some of the recognition from the cameo appearances in Snoop Dogg's single, From tha Chuuuch to da Palace?
Are Bridegroom and Bus 174 documentaries about the same subject?
What player played for the 2009 New York Jets and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers?
Which medical cycle is related to the discovery of hormones Cornelia Channing and her American reality television personality collaborator were involved in?
Are both Veridia and Blink-182 American bands?
Shane and Friends is an American audio podcast created by an American YouTube personality who uses his second YouTube channel to post mostly what?
Who is the English impressionist and comedian that Billy Marsh represents?
The Statue is an episode of the series that includes what actress and comedienne?
Who was the acting instructor of the actor who played the role of Tracy Billings?
Which Swiss actress and opera director was in the film Time of the Wolf?
What movie did Julia Ormond Appear in before The Legends of the fall?
When was the conservative politician born who's constituency is the Eddisbury?
What professional sport did Sun Tiantian and Lucie Hradecká both play?
What class of submarines is based upon a class of diesel-electric attack submarines jointly developed by French Direction des Construtiones Navales and the Spanish company Navantia?
Which character in William Shakespeare's play "Hamlet" did Judi Dench play?
Who is older, the band Kings of Leon or the artist Hozier?
Which poet was born first, A. E. Housman or Jaroslav Seifert?
What musical was based on the 2003 film directed by Jon Favreau?
Sydney bus route L90 is operated by the agency that reports to whom?
In what year was the actor who was starred in "Intrepid" with James Coburn and Finola Hughes born?
Results May Vary is the fourth studio album by a band whose vocalist was born on what day?
The Who's rendition of "Baba O'Riley" contains what unique quality?
Which 3782 ft. tall mountain is located in the Toccoa Ranger District of the Chattahoochee National Forest?
The 12th Boat Race took place on a river that is how long?
Who is the artist in which James Abrahart has worked with and who rose to prominence after being featured on "Hot Right Now"?
Which lower chamber of the United States Congress is Jim McGovern a member?
Who did Honora Edgeworth decline the hand of, even as she had a romantic engagement with a British Army officer hanged as a spy by the Continental Army?
How many senators represent the state where Vicki Schmidt is a Republic member?
Who was born first, Doro or Park Subin?
What kind of musical influences are found in the fifth single from the EP Christmas Kisses?
Who produced the series in which Nicholas Brendon played Kevin Lynch?
Who stared in the 1999 Italian movie Lucignolo and was born on 18 December 1971?
In the Battle of Głogów the Imperial forces were under command of Holy Roman Emperor and the fourth and last ruler of the what dynasty?
When did the magazine that Dr. Eugene B. Habecker is the chairman of get founded?
What battle tank was acquired from Germany by the Polish army, developed by Krauss-Maffei?
Diagonal Norte is located near what Plaza?
Who built the resort that Kathy Griffin recorded Look at My Butt Crack at?
Dick Wadhams worked for What United States Senator from Montana who was only the second republican to represent Montana in the Senate since the passage of the 17th amendment in 1913?
What rapper from Harlem appears on 12?
The company headed by Masayoshi Son worked with the development of what robot?
Who directed the film that started with Jake Blues being released from Joliet Correctional Center?
Mark Carlisle was a Member of Parliament for what constituency now represented by Faisal Rashid?
Which plant has more species in their genus, Cuminum or Calathea?
Enrique Berruga presented his credentials to a united nations secertary-general from which country?
The films Ring and The Ring Virus fall under which genre?
Quadrant, a journal founded by Richard Krygier, originated from what country?
Which was a Broadway actor, John Cromwell or Ossie Davis?
Are both Monthly Review and XXL hip hop magazines?
What full service law firm has the Congressman who won re-election in Florida's 21st district in 2012 been affiliated with?
Which co-anchor for the seven Moon landing missions was also a speaker featured in the History Channel presentation " Failure Is Not an Option"?
The 2008 American rock musical with book and lyrics by Brian Yorkey earned him and another composer what award?
Has Kendall Schmidt played more roles in TV shows than Sharleen Spiteri?
Who was the lead singer for the Verve and later founded the band who released the album United Nations of Sound?
What 2006 movie did the Hess husband-and-wife filmmaker duo create that starred Jack Black?
Mitan-myeon is located in what mountain region?
What is the middle name of Gerald Ford's 1976 running mate?
Where was the airline which has Gimhae International Airport as the main hub based?
Tristram Randolph Kidder is a professor of anthropology and environmental studies at a unviersity founded in what year?
What profession does Guy Hamilton and B. Reeves Eason have in common?
In what year was James Smith defeated and lost his heavyweight title to Mike Tyson?
The First Matabele War involved the British businessman who was Prime Minister of what area from 1890-96?
Ren Klyce was the primary sound director on every one of his films since "Seven" which was a crime thriller directed by who?
Who is the 2015 BET Awards "Best New Artist" nominee who worked with producers Nez & Rio?
In what county is the city in which Laurel Regional Hospital is located located?
Pele and Kapo are goddesses in which mythology?
What was a notable difference between the Apple IIc and the Newbear 77-68?
What genre does Dexter Fletcher and Band of Brothershave in common?
The Commander-in-Chief's Trophy is awarded after the Army-Navy Game, which is a game between which two parties?
Where is the band who released the live DVD Funeral Marches and Warsongs from?
Walter Mart is home to which leader of the largest healthcare and beauty store chain in Asia?
Which musician was born first, George Michael or Tom Petty?
Of which company was a Domestic Television which was one of the producer of "On the Red Carpet" a division?
In which city is the conference, where Texas Longhorns women's volleyball competes, headquartered?
Matt Walsh starred in a 2014 disaster movie about tornadoes striking which city?
Who co-invented the refrigerator that had it's manufacturing rights sold to an American manufacturer founded in 1922?
"High Maintenance" is a song that features the lead vocalist of a band that has sold 9.2 million what?
What silent film adapted from the novel "The Clamsman" did Elmer Clifton appear in?
Which college team went 7-5 under the coach who is now the head coach of the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL)?
Princess Victoria Louise of Prussia was the great-granddaughter of a Queen of Great Britian and Ireland that adopted what additional title in 1876?
Who has more nominations for Nobel Prize in Literature, Paul Claudel or Robert E. Howard?
Jonathan Clark is the older brother to a fellow soldier who was what?
Are both Lydia Zimmermann and Miranda July Canadian film directors?
Encyclopedia of Afghan Jihad was a manual found in the residence of which Egyptian cleric?
Which of these two pizzerias has had the same owners for longer, Regina Pizzeria or Pietro's Pizza?
As of 2011, what is the population of the parish that lies to the west of Temple Bruer with Temple High Grange?
Joe Darone was in the punk bank The Fiendz and another band known for what subgenre of punk?
Which member of 2017 Golden State Warriors was The son of former NBA player Mychal Thompson?
The Danish House of Knýtlinga was lived in by Cnut the Great and his grandfather that had what last name?
What political party predated the party shared by Abdul Hai Neamati and Ismail Khan?
What reed instrument was played by Indian musician S. R. D. Vaidyanathan?
Which actress opted to act natural during her audition in a drama series created by the producers of "Packed to the Rafters"?
Which producer, who is married to Elizabeth Banks, helped to produced the film Pitch Perfect?
Burnt by the Sun contains a starring role for which Russian actress?
Pomponius Grekeinos was commemorated by an inscription on what underground burial places?
Which 1990 movie starring Jared Rushton was based on an young-adult wilderness survival novel?
Featuring German winger Erich Meier and played out in front of a crowd of 127,000, the European Cup Final of 1960 has gone down in football legend. What was the score?
Which actor also was a screenwriter, John H. Auer or Pietro Germi?
What is the name of the hedge fund whose co-CEO has a daughter named Rebekah?
Where does Jesús Álvaro García play home games?
Which drink was introduced first, Mist Twst or Monster Energy?
Were Il prigioniero and La buona figliuola based on the same short story?
Which Swedish-born actress is know for her role in a 2005 British adventure horror film written and directed by Neil Marshall?
What director directed both The Ferryman and Road to Perdition?
Are the bands Blessid Union of Souls and Royal Republic both from different countries?
Which magazine was published first, Plop! or Naval History?
Is Morgan State University or Boise State University further west?
What do Jorge Luis Borges and William Kent Krueger have in common?
What is the most famous painting by the painter of Symphony in White, No. 2?
Which documentary was released first, Zero Days or Mala Mala?
Which north-western suburb of Adelaide lies within a territory which was established on 26 March 1996?
Who was born first, Renáta Tomanová or Travis Parrott?
George Keith was probably the last Earl Marishal at what ruined motte and bailey castle in Aberdeenshire, Scotland?
Rodelio Astudillo has taken the photograph of an astronaut who was the Lunar Module Pilot on what mission?
Who was the English actress who played the voice of the mother in Footfalls?
Which university is public, National Autonomous University of Mexico or University of Miami?
Who directed the film named after a spiritual composition by Sam Cooke?
Which person who secretly recorded people in the ACORN 2009 undercover videos controversy was born in 1984?
The author of "How to Build a Time Machine" is a professor at what unviersity?
Which road of approximately 147 mi length is Kirk Langley found on?
How many cylinders were in the engine of 885 hp, late 1930's Rolls-Royce?
Truth was based on which producer from the "CBS Evening News"?
What country of origin does The Calling and Troy Baker have in common?
The band The National released what album on 4AD that included the song "I need my girl" on May 17, 2013?
Does Xinzheng and Yizheng holds the same population?
Roh Jeong-eui had a role in the 2016 South Korean noir comedy film directed and written by whom?
Who does Don Raunikar believe baptism should be performed on?
What percussionist accompanies Duke Special and plays an instrument that traditionally works on a system of bellows?
Were J. Lee Thompson and Ryūichi Hiroki both film directors?
What is the age requirement of one of the group which run The Co-operative Travel as a joint venture?
What English actor starred in the British based film company, Forward Films, Irish Monster Movie "Grabbers"?
Designed by Chevrolet, this engine shared bore diameter and some parts with General Motors X engine.?
Are both Joel Madden and Paul Baloff American pun rock singers?
What recognitions did David Alan Mamet receive for the play "Glengary Glen Ross"?
Which movie was released first, Son of Flubber or Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier?
The InterContinental Bucharest is a highrise five star hotel that is related to what other Hotel brands?
What position did Fred Strahorn hold in the Ohio General Assembly that was scheduled to adjourn January 2, 2017?
Live at Bell's was an album the band that has a home base at the brewing company in what city?
What is the name of this region of Italy, referring to the medieval March of Ancona and nearby marches of Camerino and Fermo, where the comune Pollenza is located?
What year was the film released that features a United States Navy "Iowa"-class battleship?
Eleanor's Secret and Up are what type of films?
What is the name of the future head coach of the University of Pittsburgh football team whom Dick Jauron replaced as head coach of the Chicago Bears on January 24, 1999?
Which German actress starred as Senora Fourneau?
Which plant is found in more southern regions of the world, Dendrocalamus or Chamaedaphne?
Who is older, Tanya Seghatchian or Alexis Ohanian?
Just Begun is a posse cut featuring versus from several rappers including an American hip hop recording artist and record producer from New Orleans, who signed to what record label in November 2010?
Which documentary was released first, The Seine Meets Paris or Shape of the Moon?
The Pinsky phenomenon is a result in a branch of mathematics named after who?
What Lakota Tribe Reservation was Dolly Akers affiliated with?
Colleen Barrett joined Southwest Airlines in 1978, after working as executive assistant to a man with what title at Southwest Airlines?
The Pua'a Ka'a State Wayside Park is located along a highway that is how many miles long?
A1 road continues to be N1 road and M1 motorway at a city that had how many inhabitants in 2016?
What is the name of the 2011 Malayalam thriller film based on Mississippi novelist Greg Iles novel "24 hours"?
Cary Elwes, and English actor, is best known for a role in what movie about a sovereign spouse?
What are two mood disorders that Thalia Catherine Eley would come across in her study of depression?
Which southern region of Asia did Indian whiting inhabits its east and west coasts?
Which Air Force Base was the last assignment for the 820th Strategic Aerospace Division and is located south of the Canada-United States border?
Are Paul Smith and Louise Post both singers in a rock group?
What Temporary English name is given to the structure near one of the busiest airports by passenger traffic in Europe?
What team lost to the Kansas State Wildcats in the first game of the conference, but finished the season tied for third place with Oklahoma?
Who is older, Ginny Stikeman or Luis Mandoki?
Which nationality belongs to the writer of Eiger Dreams: Ventures Among Men and Mountains?
Lake Wallenpaupack and The Pocono Mountains reside in which region of Pennsylvania?
Which South African professional boxer did Cedric Kushner managed?
Hettienne Park had a role in the TV series developed by whom?
The town where Franz Rumpler died is home to a historically important monastery that was established in what year?
The MIKE2.0 methodology was released by a technology consulting company headquartered in what city?
What film star from the Twilight Saga is from England?
Are Anita Shreve And Diana Athill from the same country?
What govern the public institutes that IIT Council is the governing body for?
Are Cycad and Peperomia both seed plants?
What profession do both Captain Hook and Blackbeard have?
Futbolita is a journalist whose website has secured interviews with which Brazilian politician and former footballer?
What is the occupation of Luc Besson and Pan Anzi?
Did Roy Emerson and Paul Haarhuis play the same sport?
Which current offensive coordinator for the University of Southern California Trojans was featured on Lost Letterman?
What film directed by Ridley Scott inspired a scene in the film Buddies?
When did the driver of The Hispania F110 born who was is an Indian racing driver?
The group that Ray Clark became president of in 2015 is described as what kind of organization?
Berkeleydione was discovered in fungi that lived in a copper mine located in what city?
Which American music artist who raps over synthesizer music describes his work as "based", a term which denotes a lifestyle of positivity and tolerance?
What genre does Wyatt's Watchdogs and Brian Wilde have in common?
Who produced a 1987 Virgin Records album with the help of a film director born January 20, 1946?
Who is this American politician and academic who got elected as President of the United States after becoming nominee at the Democratic National Convention in Baltimore, Maryland?
Who has more well known films, Quincy Perkins or Bill Forsyth?
What type of territory does Northern New Hampshire Correctional Facility and New Hampshire Department of Corrections have in common?
Rogers Pass is traversed by a highway that begins near what Montana city?
Rochdale A.F.C. were a football club in a county whose administrative centre is where?
In what year was the coach who founded "Compete To Create" born?
What singer is a part of more groups, Geddy Lee or Lee Donghae?
What's the surname of Charlie, in Roald Dahl's book and the 2005 movie by Tim Burton, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory?
A British educator in England at the turn of the twentieth century was inspired by the writings of an English poet and cultural critic who worked as an inspector of schools, and who else?
Who is one of the top three Chinese professional basketball players born in 1987 that also played for the NBA?
How many years did Lenny Lyles spend with the organization dramatized in the filme "The insder"?
Do the bands My Sister's Machine and Grinderman have the same number of members?
Who has had a solo singing career, Ryan McCombs or Toshimitsu Deyama?
Are both Skye Sweetnam and Spin Doctors considered American musicians?
During which war did the Japanese troops commit mass murder and rape against civilians that is recorded in The Good Man of Nanking: The Diaries of John Rabe?
Which person was a french novelist and crtic, Nathalie Sarraute or Marcel Proust?
What Tennessee county contains the city where the 1999 Liberty Bowl was held?
Which actor starred in "The Hunger Games" and was born on October 12, 1992?
Which actor known for his roles on the television shows "Party of Five" and "7th Heaven" also stared in a 2001 film based off of William Shakespeare's "Othello"?
Which position did this American actress, singer, dancer, businesswoman, and diplomat who resigned from the San Francisco International Film Festival over the Swedish movie entry "Night Games" in 1966 serve abroad as an adult?
What governor-general of the Philippines in the 18th century had the same last name as a Spanish autonomous city on the north coast of Africa?
This school founded in 1906 as a land grant college is only a few blocks away from the Georgia Southern Botanical Garden?
The 51st Governor of Alabama won the election on 3 November 1998 against which Republican candidate?
Between Sidney Sheldon and Allegra Goodman, who had a more diverse career?
Fulda Cathedral is the burial place of the leading figure in what?
How many islands are in the island group where Steven Raymond Christian was born?
Which genus is in the family Brassicaceae, Aethionema or Dionysia?
Which was released first, Gunner Palace or War/Dance?
What bound did the singer of Thinking of You co-found?
Ivan Matias produced hit songs for an American R&B and soul singer-songwriter who was born on March 16th in what year?
Who was born first Robert Louis Backlund or Bruno Leopoldo Francesco Sammartino?
In what city is the team located that drafted Alexaner Sundstrom?
What jobs do Benedek Fliegauf and Ron Clements have in common?
What gender is the composer for "Brahmalokam To Yamalokam Via Bhulokam"?
Which UTC time zone was the 2002 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship based on?
Who directs the upcoming monster film that a man known for his role as Richard Hendricks in the HBO series "Silicon Valley" star in?
When was the band formed that released the single "Story of Love"?
Peer-Polity Interaction is a concept developed by John Cherry and another man that was born in what year?
Georgie Davis performed a song by the musician and singer who signed with what label at age 11?
Which 1995 soundtrack featured a Grammy-Awarded song by Coolio?
Which plant has more species, Teucrium or Atalaya?
Where is the company that owns 13th Street Universal headquartered?
Who created Humphrey the Bear and Pluto the Pup?
Wes Kittley has produced several national champions and Olympians, including what Kenyan long and middle distance runner?
Which English midfielder scored an extra-time goal in the England vs Belgium match in the 1990 FIFA World Cup?
Are Claudio Sanchez and Liv Kristine in the same industry?
Rob Fisher was a founding music director at what theater, located at 131 West 55th Street between 6th and 7th Avenues in Manhattan, New York City?
What is the most common seasoning used on Pretzels?
Tianyi Film Company's Hong Kong studio became successful under the leadership of the founder of which dominant TV company?
What festivals feature music of genres that are produced by artists such as Bakermat?
Who directed the film that Kari Matchett appears on in 2016?
Are both Dhaulagiri and Khunyang Chhish high mountains?
Which single by Justice was covered in the 2016 animated film created by Thomas Dam?
What number best regional university in the South did the 2017 U.S. News and World Report guide rank the school where 2009 Atlantic Sun Conference Baseball Tournament was hosted?
In what year did the former chairman of the 2016 Clinton campaign found a firm in D.C.?
Was Seo Min-woo or Toshi born first?
Who led the 36th Oklahoma Legislature and also served as the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma?
Tomcats starswhat American actress who is known for her roles in American Pie, Scary Movie, and Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back?
When did Taylor Swift's satirical song get released to the radio?
A volunteer on Barack Obama's 2008 presidential campaign married the a woman belonging to a family with control of what company?
What sport was the multi-purpose stadium in which the 1992 Peach Bowl took place originally built to attract?
Are Truckin' Magazine and Girlfriends both publications that offer relationship advice?
Which television star on the cast of the western drama, " Lonesome Dove: The Series", also played on the television show "Will and Grace"?
The Hollywood Hall of Shame was a book partly by which radio show host and author?
Fight Night Round 4 features which boxer who passed away in 2016?
Which parent of David Mirvish was instrumental in revitalizing the theatre scene in Toronto?
Who published the book to which the novel Armor has superficial similarities?
In which year was the University where David L. Petersen is a professor founded?
What constitutional amendment did Harper v. Virginia State Board of Elections and Everson v. Board of Education apply?
The Mother first appears in the episode that is part of which season of "How I Met Your Mother"?
In addition to Alice Faye, Fred Allen, Joan Davis, Marjorie Weaver and the individual born in December 1913, who else starred in Sally, Irene and Mary?
Sergei Rachmaninoff's Symphony No. 1 was influenced by what Georgian doctor?
Which filmmaker is older, Patrick Bokanowski or Roger Corman?
How many days did Nerdland, starring Chicago-born Hannibal Burress, screen before it was released to video in 2017?
Cognitive activism is participated in by the activist known for shaping which Newt Gingrich proposal?
What actor played the role of Michael Stivic on "All in the Family" and also starred in The Wolf of Wall Street?
Where is the 1992-born American rapper who recorded "Doctor Pepper" from?
Who released an album called Live that included the song memory?
The Confession is a 10-part web series starring an actor who David Lynch described as what?
Who hosts "The Colbert Report" and wrote I Am America?
SMS is a song by the singer and actress who became a teen idol during what television series?
What is the name of the TV station in Hudson County, New Jersey, where Van Hackett worked?
What Malaysian badminton player held the number one worldwide ranking and played at the 2016 Olympics?
What is the name of this English naturalist, geologist and biologist who mentioned the French botanist, Henri Lecoq, 1859 in the preface of his book?
Daniel A. Bell has put forward his views in favor of China’s political philosophy stating power should be vested in individuals almost exclusively based on what?
Who died later: William Saroyan or Fred Agabashian?
Ibranum was a ruler in a dynasty that came to power in which area?
What astronomer and nobleman is associated with Uraniborg?
The movie beat the devil is loosely based upon a novel of the same name by a British journalist who lived in which town?
Which breed of sheepdog was introduced into Southern Poland by Romanian shepherds, the Polish Tatra Sheepdog or the Schillerstövare?
Which tennis player ranked higher in singles, Fabio Fognini or Marty Riessen?
The 1974 European Cup Final was won by a Beyern player who is reknowned for what?
The author of "The Fourth Dimension" edited what science fiction webzine until its closure in 2014?
Cuautitlán and Greater Mexico City are both towns in what Metropolitan Area?
Gunnar Andersson and Jean-Pierre Papin both played football in what country?
Uyirodu Uyiraga was a film that starred the Indian actor who participated in what 2004 sporting event?
What Brazilian professional racing driver who races for Rebellion Racing has a mother named Viviane Senna da Silva Lalli?
Where is the United Kingdom's largest indoor water park located?
What county is Cleavland School district based in?
Who was from Canada and was who The Shape I'm In was about?
Which 2005 Tennis Master's Cup winner also claimed the singles title at the 2005 BMW Open?
Adrienne Maloof is an American businesswoman whose family name is of what descent?
Were Sasha Sokolov and Jacques Prévert both authors working in the same genre?
What industry were Ransom Riggs and Seth Savoy both a part of?
How many All-Star appearances did a Celtic's player who scored 18 points in the 2nd Quarter of the Game 7 Finals of the 1959-60 season have throughout his career?
Who exercises political control over the rest of the nation in the first book of The Hunger Games Trilogy?
Tom Pudding derived its name from a type of English food that is a part of the traditional what?
Where did the leader of the U.S. Third Army in 1944 and the commander of the 32nd Infantry Division at the beginning of World War II go to University?
This American musician has played for both heavy metal band Tremonti and "family band" Van Halen.?
What monthly U.S. magazine for theatregoers has Marion Lignana Rosenberg contributed to?
Paul Bronson and Enzo Maccarinelli are professional boxers in what class?
France was birthplace to the brother of Claude Christophe who was named?
What respective fields did Charley Armey and Dick Armey become renowned in?
Which country did Laura Godoy represent in the pageant held on 19 December 2012 at The AXIS, Las Vegas, Nevada, United States?
Little Shop of Horrors is a horror comedy rock musical, by writer Howard Ashman and which composer?
The older sister of Chiang Shu-na is often compared to another singer, what is that singer known for?
Are Fred Olen Ray and Brian Henson both from the United States?
The forest named for Albert Gallatin is located in the what state?
Sven Ottke is a professional boxer who was the third European boxer to retire as an undefeated world champion, following in the footsteps of what English boxer?
The most notable 2007–08 FC Bayern Munich season additions were the man Zinedine Zidane called "the jewel of French football" and who else?
Are both M83 and BBMak musicians?
WRBJ-FM is licensed to which Rankin County, Mississippi town?
Do You Believe? starred the football player who has what nickname?
In addition to the Golden Nugget Las Vegas, what east coast casino town is home to Vic & Anthony's Steakhouse?
Who was the director of the film in which Haley Lu Richardson played Krista?
Which child of a woman whose television career includes a presenting role on ITV1's "Loose Women" came sixth in the nineteenth series of Channel 5 reality show "Celebrity Big Brother".?
Volvo Scalable Product Architecture platform is a platform that was used for the second generation of what crossover SUV, marketed since 2002?
The original name of the company that operated the ferry MV "Asia South Korea" was what?
Is Adam Gontier a member of the rock band Shiny Toy Guns?
On what riverbank is the neighborhod located that contains the El Faro Towers?
What "Almost Famous" star also played in "200 Cigarettes"?
The Little Mermaid is a TV series that was based on the film produced by whom?
What movie stars an actor born 16 May 1990?
What sport does 1989–90 Sacramento Kings season and Rodney McCray have in common?
What type of band is Fastball and Goo Goo Dolls?
The American boy who disappeared in 1979 was lost from what artistic and cultural neighborhood in New York?
What type of chain was in collaboration of the World Wide Renewal Program?
What was the player position of the Dutch professional footballer who was one of the winning goal scorers of the 2010 DFB-Pokal Final?
The River Rat was the film debut of which actor or actress?
The father of Bobby Bare Jr made famous the song "Detroit City" along with what two other artists?
The book Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Who Helped Win the Space Race follows the lives of which African american mathematician born in 1910?
What country of origin does Aaron Loves Angela and Irene Cara have in common?
Which is the smaller dog, Dalmatian or Norfolk Terrier?
What non-competitive TV Song festival did Iran debut in?
Which of these publications was most recently published, Who Put the Bomp or Self?
What spin-off of "All That" aired on a two-hour programming block on the American cable television network Nickelodeon, geared toward older (preteen to teen) audiences?
In what state did Thomas E. McCann serve as a head football coach in 1924?
Which village within the town of York, Maine was the filming location for the final film role of Colleen Dewhurst?
What does Ford manufacture, that BIagi-DenBest Racing uses?
What position did the man who drowned at a Australian beach named after a naval ship hold?
The Chuch stars an actor born 1955 from which nationalities?
Which Austrian composer wrote Symphony No. 35 dated December 10, 1767?
Which mountain in the Alps between Switzerland and Italy was created by marine sedimentary rocks folding into mountain peaks?
When was the person born who won the Crystal Palace F.C. Player of the Year for the second time most recently?
What is the name of the virus Baron von Strucker's organization has created?
The creator of the animates series, based on a novel by Robert A. Heinlein, also directed which film in 1992?
Beijing Nanyuan Airport is the hub for which budget airline?
Who is the editor in chief of a peer-reviewed journal published by AAPT and established in 1963?
Are the Dogo Argentino and the Scottish Deerhound large or small dogs?
What mode allows users to play The Last of us with other individuals in partnership, competition, or rivalry?
D1 was closed when this agency, created in 1916, petitioned to allow climbing?
Which executive producer also played Deandra Reynold in "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia"?
Who has won more Grand Slam titles, Paul Haarhuis or Svetlana Kuznetsova?
Which pizza shop was founded first, Gatti's Pizza or DoubleDave's Pizzaworks?
What was Muhammad Ali's name at the time of his capture of the heavyweight title?
What years did Bob Long play at Superbowls I and II?
What is the latitude of the village of Chosmes?
What team finished third in the AFC South during the 88th regular NFL season?
Who played the composer of "The Liberty Bell" in Stars and Stripes Forever?
What is Monica's former fiancé's real name?
Strawberry Jam Comics published a successful comic involcing Turles, one writer was born January 27 and known as what?
Caesarea Golf Club was established by the family who were integral in which German industry?
Just Dance Kids is a video game for which console released by Nintendo on November 19, 2006?
The second Governor of New York signed a 1783 treaty that ended what war?
What name did Philip Oliphant Kington take when he inherited an L-plan castle?
Who is older, Danan Januzaj or David Moyes?
What German born racing driver raced against lost the 1970 International Gold Cup to John Surtees and later dies during a practice for the Italian Grand Prix?
In which competition held in Buenos Aires, Argentina did Stanly Stanczyk win a gold medal?
Who did the box cover art for Keith Martin to make Night Below?
Are John Carl Buechler and Carlos Atanes both directors?
What do Frank Coraci and Paul Mazursky have in common?
In what city is the house that was once home to the Republican Representative from the state of Mississippi from 1875 to 1881, which is now a National Historic Landmark?
Which Macbeth character is based on a son from The Danish House of Knytlinga?
Which main antagonist in some of the Sherlock Holmes stories was holmes old arch-enemy, in Sherlock Holmes - The Musical?
Prince Alexey Fyodorovich Orlov took part in the Napoleonic Wars from 1805 to This event which ended with what outcome?
Who created the game which uses Palladium's Megaversal system and created in August 1990?
The song "Gone" is the sequel to Nelly's 2002 worldwide number one single that was a number one hit in how many countries?
What university, founded in 1865 by John Bryan Bowman, houses a library that holds the record amongst public universities in the nation for the largest book endowment?
The first USS "Lee" was a schooner named for a man that died in what year?
Planet X is an instrumental rock supergroup, founded by keyboardist Derek Sherinian and who else?
How much did the president of the Wolverhampton Wanderers pay for the Island of Lundy?
The Dalmeny House provided more comfort than what much-altered tower house?
Who starred as the fictional superhero whose power consists mainly of superhuman speed?
Sheldon Adelson and Paul Steelman, were both involved in the building industry in what area?
The Flirtations performed at a number of prominent national venues, and performed a song in the soundtrack to a 1993 American drama film written by who?
What year was the singer of "Early Winter" born?
Triple-A Plowed Under focused on a period of severe dust storms that was known as what?
What is the middle name of the player acquired by the Phoenix Suns from the from the New Jersey Nets during the offseason in 2001-02?
What part of a compilation does Shake Your Coconuts and Junior Senior have in common?
The actor that plays Shane Walsh on "The Walking Dead" stars with Ansel Elgort and Kevin Spacey in a 2017 film directed by who?
What type of category does Bletilla and Vernonia have in common?
Which school is located in the capital of Australia and has a professor emeritus that is from the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore?
Which is taller Momhil Sar or Haramosh Peak?
What is the name of the American Major League Baseball player, who is the father of a major league player, four-time All-Star, both in November 1947?
What do Reece Brown and Wes Brown have in common other than family?
Who composed the BQF and afrofuturist movement blueprint with Camae Ayewa?
What is the median size of a store in what was once Pay 'n Save's membership discount chain?
Juwan Howard was part of the Michigan team that had four participants in what 1991 exhibition?
Who is the American drummer/singer best known as a member of Mastodon, but has also played drums with Fred Armisen with the 8G Band?
Are both Crispian Mills and Billy Gibbons considered singers?
Who directed the 2006 film Provoked about the true story of Kiranjit Ahluwalia who burned her husband to death?
After being replaced as coach for the Memphis Grizzles, Lionel Hollins went on to coach what National Basketball Association team?
The Invincibles is a label given to a football league team that plays a whole season unbeaten. Arsenal achieved it most recently, but which team did it in 1888-89?
The Paul Family Farm is a historic farmstead in a town located in which county?
Dolan v. City of Tigard and Gravel v. United States were both cases in which US court?
In the Wild Card round of the playoffs the Toronto Phantoms beat a team whose last coach was who?
What island is the Sonobudoyo library located on?
Which ore did the Kemess Mine have that the Leckie Mine did not.?
What show did the Tony winning actress born on June 2 play in?
What is the seating capacity of the stadium that is the home of the baseball team owned by Drew Weber?
Who starred in a movie based on a memoir written by a man who participated in a penny-stock scam?
Are Rice University and Harvard University both Ivy League universities?
Oh Yeon-seo is one of the former members of the group LUV, which stands for Love yoUR Voice, is what kind of group?
Who did the 1957 winner of the Nobel Prize in Physics work with on the problem of magnetic flux?
The 't Hooft η symbol was introduced by a man who shared what prize?
In which issue did this fictional superhero in the DC Comics Universe, who was killed by Captain Cold, make his first full appearance?
What Swedish district was Christopher Chaplin born in?
Are V-Day: Until the Violence Stops and The American Ruling Class both economic-based documentaries?
Whip It was released by a film distribution company that specializes in the distribution of independent and British films as well as what kind of films?
The Bourbon Barrel played between the Hoosiers and the Wildcats was similiar to what games played between the Kentucky Wildcats and the Tennessee Volunteers?
How much money is offered by the U.S. government for information that leads to the arrest and/or conviction of the head of the cartel that is currently fighting the Knights Templar Cartel and Los Zetas for control of the city of Guadalajara?
Between Al-Nayrizi and Shahid Hussain Bokhari, who was born first?
What is the name of the founder of the famous chain of survey triangulations stretching from Hammerfest to the Black Sea?
What kind of magazine is Hakusensha's magazine?
Mermaids of Alcatraz Tour had an appearance by the country music songwriter who released what album in 2009?
Which stock car automobile race held in December did Dave Mader III win?
Do the bands Frou Frou and Starsailor, play the same genre of music?
What was the original French title of the book by philosopher Henry Bergson which is based on a hypothetical explanation for evolution and development of organisms?
The band that released "Prophets" is from what city in Ontario?
John Cabess played a role in the wars in which kingdom of Ghana?
Whose 1962 film starred Corinne Marchand?
When does the music video of Taylor Swift released for which she got two awards at the 2009 CMT Music Awards—Video of the Year and Female Video of the Year?
Who owns the company that has a 215.1 meter tall tower?
Vasil Chuck bodak and OScar De La Hoya both had to do with what?
Which profession is shared by Daron Malakian and Maxi Jazz?
Knowledge Nation was launched at the university that is what type of institution?
The New Hampshire Route 49 highway is near which national forrest?
Which author, known for her book "The Secret Diary of Laura Palmer" directed the 2012 psychological thriller slasher film Chained?
Which film was released first, The Saved or Grey Gardens?
The cases Barron v. Baltimore and Cooper v. Aaron both are landmark cases in which court?
What were the two leads in the movie that won the most awards at the 63rd Bodil Awards?
What occupation did W. S. Van Dyke and Ray Enright have in common?
The Pineapple Bowl was replaced by which National Collegiate Athletic Association Football Bowl Subdivision (then known as Division I-A) college football bowl game played in Honolulu, Hawaii at Aloha Stadium?
When did the fire that destroyed the church of St Margaret Moses in London occur?
Does Destiny or Don Giovanni have more acts?
What is the website's name, whose slogan is "media for the 65.8 million"?
What type of novel was the 2008 British Comedy called How to Lose Friends & Alienate People?
What comedy film from 1994 starred actress Heather Graham alongside James Le Gros?
Mike is one of the main characters in which movie, Monsters, Inc. or Shipwrecked?
Nancy Boyda was defeated for re-election in 2008 by the founded of what political action committee?
Which English actor known for typecast roles in horror films stars in Flaming Fury?
Grzegorz Piramowicz was a member of an Education group considered what?
What town contains both St George's Academy and Westhome House?
What American football coach once took over for Mike Cavan, and now coaches the Panthers?
In 2000, which American businessman promoted Dave Campo to be the Dallas Cowboys' 5th Head Coach,?
Heda Margolius Kovály survived a ghetto at the extermination camp built by the Third Reich in which nation's lands?
In the 2004–05 Denver Nuggets off-season, the Nuggets acquired a player from New Jersey Nets who was born in which year?
What language group does Pedar Jalvi's language belong to?
Which of Erich Schmidt-Leichner's cases later went on to have a film loosely made about it?
Is Lake Victoria located in Iran and Namak Lake located in Africa?
Who was born earlier, Thom Andersen or Patrick Tam?
How did James III of Scotland acquire the town of Kirkwall?
The Dark Side of the Sun stars an American actor and producer who has his own company named what?
Professional lacrosse player David Brock played college lacrosee for a team that plays its home games at what field?
Who co-starred with Héctor Jiménez in the movie "Nacho Libre"?
In which county is the race track at which the Endurance Gold Cup Stakes was held?
4 year reining WBA welterweight titleholder Ike Quartey and winner of the WBC FECARBOX welterweight title Andrew Murray competed against each other for what title?
Which band has more members, Night Verses or Band of Horses?
What coin was Melish responsible for was issued to mark the 100th anniversary of Cleveland?
The stained glass windows in St. Patrick's Parish and Buildings were destroyed in what explosion that was an act of sabotage by German agents?
Did the Lehigh Canal or the Beaver and Erie Canal have more sections?
Are Portsmouth International Airport at Pease and Fort Smith Regional Airport both located in the northeast US?
Who was the wife of the physicist for which Curite is named?
Of Norm Cash and Ted Williams, what year was the one who hit more home runs, born?
What is the debut album of this Italian pop singer and songwriter who wrote and recorded the song "Come into My Life"?
The American bluegrass and country rock band "Mission Mountain Wood Band" had this American singer, instrumentalist (playing guitar and banjo), songwriter, and politician as original member who was involved with what political party?
When was the band that released the single W-- Be Broken on 20th January 2014 formed?
What Entertainment company based in Burbank, California released the the film "Quest for Camelot"?
Which group was formed first Hurricane No. 1 or DC Talk?
In which region is the town located where John Marlborough East's Neptune Studios?
A company in what country works with dotcoop?
Past performers at Stand-Up New York include an American stand-up comedian featured in what Comedy Central show?
The day Percy Jones was born was the day after what holiday?
Which event triggered this revolutionary wave that became the inspiration for the Occupy Wall Street protests?
The studios of WBLI are located in what New York county?
Which star of "Get on Up" was also in "The Blues Brothers"?
When was the song that Hail, Pennsylvania was written to the tune of first performed?
Who was born first, Vania King or Martina Navratilova?
Which has more species Nothoscordum or Calypso bulbosa?
Which group that employs nearly 6,800 employees is the largest share holder of Nordea?
Alba is a sub-brand of what holding company that makes and sells watches?
What actor from Stanley and the Women also appeared in Howards End?
Which inner suburb of Melbourne is HMAS "Lonsdale" located at?
Does the Hamiltonstövare or the Shih Tzu or both have a well established breed origin?
Which city is known for its forage and dairy industries, Yumen City or Anda, Heilongjiang?
What is the original name of Sam Waltons store>?
The acress Rose Bryne and teh Movie Dallas Doll are both from this sounthern hemispher country?
The actor that plays Police Lt. Frank Drebin in "The Naked Gun 2½: The Smell of Fear" has portrayed how many different characters?
With which company JSC merged withwhich was based in Saint Petersburg, there are branches in Moscow?
Where does St Mary's Church stand?
What city does Civic Center/Grand Park station and Tom Bradley have in common?
What county is WLTN's transmitter located in?
Where does the players named NBA Finals MVP serves as an assistant coach?
Which character in the adult animated film, created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone, is known for his muffled and indiscernible speech?
What year was the Thomas Anders album released which featured a cover of a Grammy Song of the year from 1967?
The Battle of Gettysburg and Meuse-Argonne Offensive are both battles fought during what?
The Bell X-1 was an aircraft piloted at a supersonic level by the test pilot who served in what branch of the armed forces?
Which band formed first, Modest Mouse or Melvins?
Which is taller 70 Pine Street or 55 Water Street?
The Tony Award winning director of the musical "Guys and Dolls" co-wrote what movie with Abe Burrow and Howard Teichmann?
How many miles is the city that is the largest in the Gibson County from Jackson, Tennessee?
The actions of the Senator of which state does the radio play The Investigator lampoon?
Which star of "The Stunt Man" attended the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art?
Was Instinct or Crazy Magazine published for more years?
Which genus includes more species, Echinops or Rhoicissus?
Which party did the politician elected to Congress in 1847 belong to for the city located on the Mississippi River near its confluence with the Chippewa River?
What American company spaning over a century sold over 40 million watches and is now home to the Royal E. Robbins School?
Perry the Platypus stop the destrustion of all of the lawn gnomes in the " Lawn Gnome Beach Party of Terror" episode of which animated television series?
Are Jim Sharman and Chris Columbus both from the same nationality?
William Andrew Moffett was a librarian at the research institution located in what city?
Merry Madagascar's Jada Pinkett Smith career started when?
The film Redemption: For Robbing the Dead includes an actor that is the father of which famous actor and filmmaker?
What was the nationality of John Wayne's co-star in "Big Jim McLain"?
Who is a South Korean singer, Russ Ballard or Hyolyn?
Fear Is the Key is a narrative thriller novel by a Scottish author who died in this year?
The games presided over by the Comité international des Jeux méditerranéens are held how often?
When was the actor who played Judas in Godspell born?
Are Nymphaea and Acaena both types of hardy plants?
Julian Knight was the perpetrator of the shooting spree in the Melbourne suburb that was known as what?
What year was Susanna Hall's husband born?
What city in Pinellas County contains at least 145 historic buildings?
The person who appointed Lana Myers to a Justice on the Fifth Court of Appeals of Texas Place 4 is the current United States Secretary of what?
The Catholic Church in Lebanon is part of the worldwide Catholic Church under the spiritual leadership of the Pope in a city that is the capital of what region?
Jon Sortland plays drums for an American indie rock band from Albuquerque, New Mexico, that formed in what year?
Which movie came out first Almost Sunrise or 4?
Groningen is located south of a sea located between where?
Which American singer, songwriter, musician and actor was part of the performance of 2012 Soul Train Music Awards show?
SNCI Tower and 80 South Street are both what?
What city located in Lehigh County, Pennsylvania, was home to the business empire of Henry Clay Trexler?
The Howard Stern Show includes what co-host and news anchor who was born on August 8, 1952?
What magazine was established in 1988 by Frank Thomas and Keith White and has been associated with the Dirtbag Left?
Are both The Ten-Year Lunch and The Devil Came on Horseback a documentary film concerning issues of the same country?
In what year did Mopreme Shakur's hip hop group release their only album?
Zorak was a former arch enemy of Space Ghost, how tall did Zorak appear?
ITunes Live from Capitol Studios was streamed live to celebrate the release of Paul McCartney's new studio album, When was this album released?
When was the country that poet who wrote the poem "Limbo" was born in?
When was the American actor, singer, dancer, comedian, and musician died who's screen name was Danny Kaye and was also present with Virginia Mayo in a series?
Who directed the film in which James Durham had a minor part?
Which singer leads an alternative rock band, Aaron Barrett or Gordon Gano?
Does a Pink Gin and Manhattan both contain bitters?
The song "Make It Up" on the album Squirtgun features a guest appearance by a bassist who plays for a band with what lead vocalist?
"A Rickle in Time" is the first episode in the second season of a tv sitcom that originally aired on what network?
Did Ransom Riggs and Herbert Selpin both work in the film industry?
Eric II of Denmark was the illegitimate son of a king born in what year?
The AXIS is an auditorium in the hotel and casino in what Las Vegas suburb?
What philosophy is the food writer who rated The Riverside Restaurant as one of his top five seafood restaurants know for?
What is the date of birth of the host of Loveline after the show was rebooted?
Who was the author that penned the 6th installment of a trilogy that originated on BBC Radio 4 as a comedy broadcast in 1978?
What Pokeno a combination of a form of gambling and which game?
On what campus did Group B of the 2015 CONCACAF Gold Cup play on July 8?
Which has more people, Kunming or Qufu?
Which author has used more pseudonyms, W. E. B. Griffin or Piers Anthony?
The Badge is a 2002 mystery-thriller film starring an American actress whose notible films include what 1999 Martin Scorsese film?
For which college team did this American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA) who earned praise for being the NBA's leading rebounder during the 2016–17 Miami Heat season play?
Which film was released first, Bambi or Tom and Huck?
The Melbourne tram Route 57 as a railway station at the corner of Flinders and what street?
The Robyville Bridge carries Covered Bridge Road across a tributary of what river?
Somos tú y yo is a Venezuelan telenovela filmed in Caracas, Venezuela and developed by which cable and satellite television channel owned by Turner Broadcasting System, a unit of Time Warner and its main flagship channel of Cartoon Network Asia?
In what languages does this Indian film music composer, who composed the music for "Kick" (2009), mainly write music?
What kind of rate does Honda Bali and Disc brake have in common?
What animal does Boiled egg and Egg as food have in common?
What tree species found in abundance on Rensselaer Plateau is native to eastern and central Canada?
Marc Cantin played for the Coventry Blaze in a league located where?
Who was a politician, Gene Wilder or Cheick Oumar Sissoko?
The song Tell Me Why on the album Maya is recorded by what English artist?
Beside the one at Magic Kingdom Walt Disney World, what other theme park would one find the "Happily Ever After" firework/projection mapping across Cinderella Castle?
What main thoroughfare in Warsaw's borough of Ursynów connects to a 6,500 km international road which coincides with the Trans-Siberian Highway?
Methyl ethyl ketone is an organic compound that can be used as a solvent for what product?
Central Heat Distribution Ltd provides heat to the Downtown Core including a shopping mall managed by who?
What country leads the ranking system that was used to calculate the seeding for the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
What was the name of the tour launched in support of Taylor Swift's album focused on the color of her emotions and beginning on March 13, 2013?
Taglierini is thin pasta like the type that is shaped in what form?
Who was the incumbent in the district that includes Eagan?
What television show features the episode "Scott Tenorman Must Die", created by Trey Parker and Matt Stone?
Woman Obsessed stars which Jewish actor and folk singer?
What area is known as the "Isle of 8 Flags" and is home to the Fernandina Beach Historic District?
Is Ripon Cathedral or St Philip's Cathedral, Birmingham a Grade I listed building?
What number animated film was the 1940 film animated by Edward H. "Ed" Love?
The 1990 United States elections occurred in the middle of the presidential term of an American politician who was father to what man who was the 43rd president of the United States?
The Sinai and Palestine Campaign was led by Philip Chetwode during World War I in March of what year?
Belinda Jane Charteris played in the Silver Ferns team that won a silver medal at a multi-sport event with how many sports featured?
The daughter of the actor known for portraying the Master of Ceremonies in "Cabaret" is known for her role in what 1987 movie?
Bellerophon and the Son of Zeus and Alcmene were known as what?
Maryanne Demasi worked for a decade at a hospital that provided services to what region of Australia?
The surf reef break which Joel Parkinson surfed on in the ASP World Championship Tour Surfing Title on 14 December 2012 is located in what state?
Besides the Shard, where can other major works of Severfield Plc be found?
Who is the artist that sings both "Fading" and "Take a Bow"?
Gut Symmetries is a 1997 novel by a writer born in which year?
The River Fiddich flows by which 15th-century tower in Moray, Scotland?
Which writer has won three Pulitzer Prizes for his work, Ernesto Sabato or Edwin Arlington Robinson?
Do composers Peter Maxwell Davies and Mikhail Glinka have the same nationality?
What highest civilian award was the actress that starred in Yaraana, along side Rishi Kapooy, Raj Babbar, Kader Khan, and Shakti Kapoor, awarded by the Government of India in 2008?
What kind of film is the one that got David Snyder a nomination for Academy Award for Best Art Direction?
Werner Grothmann was an aide-de-camp to the leading member of which German party?
Who is the C.E.O. of an investment company founded by Chairman of the National Planning Commission of South Africa?
What do Jimmy Connors and Casey Dellacqua have in common?
Which genus has more species Colletia or Discaria?
Which M.I.A. album, featuring the song Jimmy, features musical influences including dance music and South Asian music?
Ustad & the Divas was an album that included whic Indian playback singer?
With whom did this Brazilian singer, guitarist, and songwriter of metal band Cavalera Conspiracy, who mentioned Terveet Kädet as one of his all-time favourite bands co-found the band Sepultura?
Pilot Talk III is features a guest appearance by what American rapper who is a member of The LOX?
Antoine Fuqua and Duncan Jones both have what job?
Who was born later John Guillermin or David Lynch?
Who is the author of the source material for the 1992 American legal drama film directed by Rob Reiner in which Cuba Gooding Jr. appeared?
What sub-tribe of the Popalzai did the Pakistan Movement activist Shahzada Rehmatullah Khan Durrani belong to?
Who was Klay Thompson's teammate that was named NBA All-Defensive Second Team in 2015?
What famous family summered where Walter S. Franklin died?
Which was released first, Return from Witch Mountain or The North Avenue Irregulars?
Which of the movie on which John Paesano win an award is an American computer-animated television series based on the 2010 film "How to Train Your Dragon"?
Are Cynodon and Claytonia both species of plants?
HolyHell toured with Manowar and a band created by Luca Turilli and what other person?
What television series did Townsend Coleman have a role in that was adapted from the graphic novel, "Gear"?
Which German rally and auto racing driver won the drivers championship in 1982?
During the last home game of the 2016-17 Dallas Mavericks season, the team honored a quarterback who played college football at what university?
Where was the city near Powell Butte which the transmitter was located?
Double Cross starred the actress who is of what nationality?
What was the number of Tongan athletes that competed between after 2008 in 2011 commonwealth Youth Games?
"Bougainvillea" was co-written by what actor that also played the role of James "Sonny" Crockett?
The creator of fictional character Fred Dagg was born in which city?
Are Marcus Stokes and Jim Henson both puppeteers?
What purpose do both the F-Shaped barrier and the Jersey barrier serve?
How many time was the captain of the Ottawa Senators of the National Hockey League awarded the Viking Award?
What scholar died at an older age, Alexander Kronrod or Vladimir Voevodsky?
Where was the director of Passchendaele born?
What city is the prestigious honor that was granted to Debbie Bampton located?
Who was the American football coach and former player and was previously with the college football team that played their 67th year in the 2012 NCAA Division?
Q: What company, located on Park Avenue in Midtown Manhattan, New York City, markets Ultra Brite toothpaste and tooth-whitener?
Which first-team All-American was acquired during the offseason by the 1998-99 Sacramento Kings?
Yes or No: Both Audre Lorde and Marshall McLuhan spent time in the United States.?
Who lived longer, Georgi Bolshakov or Nikita Khrushchev?
Are Radek Štěpánek and Heather Watson both Grand Slam doubles champions?
Where was the stadium where Atlético Madrid home games were held located?
What organizations are allied with a program that gave Pearce Paul Creasman a research grant?
For how many teams in Major League did the player who was traded with Bert Bradley to the New York Tank in 1984 play?
The Delphus Kill flows into the Mohawk River in a New York hamlet with what zip codde?
In which place the Madchester scene of 1989 -1991 developed?
The actor who portrayed Hikaru Sulu in Star Trek costared in which Broadway play with a founding member of the Asian American sketch comedy troupe 18 Mighty Mountain Warriors?
Did the Singer Building contain more stories than 520 West 41st Street is proposed to contain?
Who is older out of John Waite and Jeff Scott Soto?
Who was in a band that worked with Alan Edwards?
Which did inventor Borge Bak study at the university of Copenhagen?
Which roadway passes through the massacre town that was abandoned and destroyed in a race riot?
What group heard both Hamdan v. Rumsfeld and Gonzales v. Raich?
Which "The Producers" star was born in 1915?
Which band that records on bros music is famous for the song "Pretty Young Girl"?
When did the Japenese series Moribito: Guardian of the Spirit first premier of Caroon Network's Adult Swim prgramming block?
Elisabeth Hasselbeck the former host of The Look for Less graduated from what College?
What tpe of vegetation does Sorghum bicolor and Sweet sorghum have in common?
James Milner Phillips supervised the building of the Bluebird-Proteus CN7, driven by a man who died in what year?
In which state is Upper and Lower Marlboro located?
Which distant cousin of a German field marshal of the "Luftwaffe" was a German First World War fighter ace credited with 40 victories?
United Airlines and Boeing were both formed by who?
Alfred Goldthwaite was an attorney for the party that traces its roots to whom?
Which Australian court case commenced in the jurisdiction of the future Minister for Climate Change, Industry and Innovation?
Which American former professional boxer later stripped of the WBC title for facing Ali in an unapproved rematch did Randall Craig "Tex" Cobb take a win from?
During the 1990 Los Angeles Rams season, which player from the University of Oklahama made his NFL debut?
Which magazine are you more likely to find in Alabama, Woman's Weekly or In Touch Weekly?
What are the middle names of the senator who is running for reelection in the United States Senate election in Michigan, 2018?
Sherlock Holmes miraculously survives a deadly fight with an opponent based on what real-life criminal?
What famous serial killer did Philip Carlo author a biography of?
What is the name of the character from Cold Feet Series 4 episode 8 who was played by an actor from The Fast Show?
In which province did percussionist Masaki Tanazawa perform in on 7 November 1985?
Mortal online uses and what engine made by a Cary, North Carolina based video game development company?
Would Destiny, a high fashion company, be something that would be featured in a Woman's Day magazine?
AN/UYK-44 was developed y a company that was founded in what year?
Were E. M. Forster and Ludwig Renn both from England?
Which poet published their debut work later in life, John Millington Synge or Harriet Doerr?
Tejate is a non-alcoholic maize and cacao beverage traditionally made in a Mexican state that is divided into how many municipalities?
Which philosophy study was Metrodorus of Cos partly addicted to?
Mornay sauce includes what type of hard yellow cheese?
In 1904 Selma Feldbach graduated in medicine from a comprehensive university founded in what year?
Which French car manufacturer supplied the technology for the Burton?
What company headquartered in Kowloon, Hong Kong has Yvan Rodic contributed to?
The Wandering Jews was a book that took place after the treaty was signed on what date?
Are Armen Chakmakian and Reuben Nakian both sculptors?
What actress with surname Man-Woon was in The Gâteau Affairs?
Joniškėlis is located 17 km west of a city near the bank of which river?
What LGBT organization in Salt Lake City publishes articles about current events?
Which location with a copy of Lyme Caxton Missals is a large estate located south of Disley, Cheshire?
Who is the stepdad of Heinz Pernet that got convicted along with him and Adolf Hitler?
Who owns the airport which was the destination of American Airlines Flight 514?
Buddy Ryan, the father of Rob Ryan were both coaches in which national sports league?
When was the American football wide receiver for the Dallas Cowboys of the NFL born who was a guest star in Back of the Shop and also earned All-American honors in 2008?
Which mall, located in Fort Wayne, Indiana and home to a retailer chain of catelog showrooms carrying fine jewlery, toys, sporting goods, and electronics, closed in 2003?
Johnny Kin On Sin is a professor at the public university in what Hong Kong city?
In which iteration of the Miss Universe pageant will Elizabeta Burg represent Croatia?
The son of Dame Ellen Terry provided what for the Punch and the Judy?
Case Western Reserve Spartans compete in an organization located in what state besides Ohio?
Which Coldplay album released on 12 June 2008 featured an instrumental song released as a full vocal on the 2008 EP Prospekt's March?
Are both Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and Lascars animated films?
Johnathan Rice is a songwriter who frequently collaborates with the actress who was the lead singer for what indie band?
Are Qixia, Shandong and Wuchuan, Guangdong in the same country?
Howard Carter discovered the tomb of Tutankhamun which was located in what valley?
How many number-one hit singles in the US did the producer of the album Harbor produce?
Do both alcoholic beverages, a Grog and an Astro pop, get their names from nautical themes?
What was the name of the severe dust storm that occurred on April 14, 1935 as part of the era known as the Dirty Thirties, which was partially caused by failure to apply the correct dryland farming methods along with a severe drought?
Sands China owns Las Vegas properties including the Palazzo and which other Italian-themed resort?
Kim Cattrall stared in which persons directorial debut in 2016?
Which plant can be found on more continents, Tillandsia or Lamarckia?
Hans Zhang had a role in the 2009 series premiering on what station?
Room For Love was inspired by an article the author wrote for what American daily newspaper that is primarily distributed in New York City, and was established by who?
What is the Times Higher Education ranking for the university where Geoffrey Samuel graduated?
What type of club did the player who served as a linesman Footbal League and as a referee in the Lancashire Combination?
The interchange previously known as Modbury Interchange has how many carparks?
What is the name of the school located near the Brea mall owned by Simon Property Group?
What is the major difference between the Swedish Lapphund and the Tweed Water Spaniel?
The Lolo Peak Fire took place 10 miles north of the census-designated place in what Montana county?
Jean-Pierre Kohut-Svelko is a production designer and art director and the winner of a national film award of Francewhich was first awarded in what year?
In what decade did the band with an album called The Crystal Method form?
In what year did the composer of Der Lindberghflug become an American citizen?
Which French professional football player was awarded the Ballon d'Or in 1991?
What year did Kelly Monaco win the First Season of "Dancing with the Stars"?
What 2004 film did the CEO of Clot Media Division appear in?
What was the relationship between Chembai Bhagavatar and Lalgudi Jayaraman?
Are Under Armour and 3M both multinational corporations?
Which maximum security jail housed the killer of Julissa brisman?
Is the president of Phyllis Schlafly Eagles a Republican or Democrat?
Salvation on Sand Mountain features a cultural region that houses a mountain range starting in what part of Canada?
What profession does Burgoyne Diller and De Stijl have in common?
The 2010 film Salt starred which cast member from 1997's "Amistad"?
Which scooter model was based on an Italian scooter whose name means "wasp"?
What is the name of the artificial hill in the water theme park located at the Walt Disney World Resort in Orlando, Florida?
Which magazine's headquarter is in Texas, Boys' Life or Jacobin or both?
Were both Lionel Friedberg and Kenneth Anger involved in the film industry?
Super Fuzz starred which Italian actor and screenwriter?
What is the relation between Cethlenn (Old Irish) and the king of named Fomorians who is a interpreted as a god?
Which 1980 film included an actor who later starred in a Nickelodeon show that ended in 2007?
Are 252 East 57th Street and Metropolitan Tower both skyscrapers?
What is the name of the song, originally performed by Taylor Swift, that came before Kendrick Lamar's second number-one single, "Humble"?
The Boudin Bakery Tour is hosted by a bakery based in which city?
The Bolt Who Screwed Christmas was a parody of the children's story by whom?
Which running back played during the 2017 Kansas City Chiefs season and was released after 9 seasons?
Millstream Brewing was founded in what county?
BARS replaces a traditional gas piston system, named after the creator of which weapon?
Was Sherwood Stewart or Ilie Năstase ranked higher?
2008–09 UEFA Champions League resulted in what final played on 27 May 2009?
Which national park has the longer name in Spanish, Picos de Europa National Park or Caldera de Taburiente National Park?
What is the connection between James Hill to John Vereker, 6th Viscount Gort?
Both Gaobeidian and Longhai City are located within what country?
What is the name of the a Japanese convenience store franchise chain in south korea that has a store accessible inside in Damuqiao Road Station?
Which television series is set in a teaching hospital and began airing on ABC in 2009?
What was the name of the bar featured in the song released on August 6, 1990 by Garth Brooks?
Who held more roles in the film industry, Mervyn LeRoy or Mack Sennett?
Which member in S.A.D. is a Spanish football team based in Las Palmas was born 18 June 1996?
What citizens provided uniforms for the 2010 Winter Olympic Indian athletes?
Jim Starlin, American comic artist, co-created which Marvel character who is the adopted daughter of Thanos?
Which building had more designers, 70 Pine Street or Wall Street Tower?
Which plant is native to Namibia, Fenestraria, Rohdea or both?
Who was the Tennis Masters Cup champion in 2000, Gustavo Kuerten or Stan Wawrinka?
The artist who released "State of Grace" and "Begin Again" is known for singing about what topic?
In which town in Montgomery County did Russell Willson die?
What positions did the captain of the team that won the 16th edition of Major League Soccer's championship match play?
Prater includes what 64.75 m tall ferris wheel?
Which of the actors of "Santa Baby 2: Christmas Maybe" which reprise their roles from the original was born on November 1, 1972?
The suburb of Parafield Gardens, South Australia is the home to the Electoral district of Ramsay. Who is the electoral district named after?
When was the third wife to William Herbert, 3rd Earl of Pembroke born?
What is to the west of the Frau Hitt?
What major feild do both The Western Institute of Technology and the Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology offer?
Sir John Harrison supported the Royalist side of the English Civil War and these Royalists were also known by what other name?
Which of these bands is American, Siouxsie and the Banshees or The Connells?
Massachusetts's twelfth congressional district was represented by what censured politician?
The film in which Christopher Fairbank had the role of the Player Queen came out in what year?
Donald John Dearson played for a professional football club that competes in what leauge?
Compass was produced by a record producer that is known primarily for working with who?
Minnesota functionals were developed at which Minnesota city?
Which member of the LaSalle Quartet had a compsoitional style that combined Romantic lyricism with twelve-tone technique?
Which tennis player, Tatiana Golovin and John Newcombe, boasts a highest singles ranking of 12?
Robert Clayton Goose Freeman played for an American football team that is based in Cleveland, Ohio, and competes in what division of the AFC?
Which production company released both High School Musical 3: Senior Year and Frozen 2?
Were the Dundee Canal and Augusta Canal both built to provide hydropower for mills and manufacturing?
Juan Pablo Di Pace had a role on the sequel series to what Jeff Franklin-created American sitcom?
The City of Bath Male Choir sang with which English tenor and actor born on 29 September 1973?
What year did the band who had a top 40 hit in the UK and a promotional video directed by Spike Jonze have a reunion tour?
Which pizza chain, Cassano's Pizza King or Mazzio's is still in operation today?
"Hurt" is a 2009 gothic horror movie starring William Mapother, but what TV series is he most associated with?
Thomas Latimer attended medical school at what NHS hospital in Paddington, in the city of Westminster, London?
Brian Gallivan was an actor who created a web series for the network run by the theatre troupe based in what city?
San Diego NASL was founded by what Belgian professional footballer who plays for Chelsea and the Belgium national team?
Who is the poet of The Unicorn and Other Poems?
Who was born first, Charles Palliser or David Eddings?
Are both Ceratophyllum and Eucomis a genus of flowering plants?
Which airport is closer to Washington D.C., Washington Dulles International Airport or Gainesville Regional Airport?
What was the original name of the public airport 3 miles south of the central business district of Manchester?
Which writer of the song "Brave" was born in 1984?
What does "All Together Now" and "Love" share in common?
Who, if any, was a member of more than one band, Ric Ocasek or Pepper Keenan?
"Do You Want to Build a Snowman?" was composed by Kristen Anderson-Lopez, and the co-creator of "The Book of Mormon" whom is the youngest of how many people who have won an Emmy, a Grammy, an Oscar, and a Tony Award?
USS Michael Murphy is a ship named after an officer from which branch of the United States military?
Megan Amram was a staff writer for which Disney Channel show between 1997-2002?
What fictional boarding school was the setting of the 2009 film that the actress who played Sam Puckett on "iCarly" was one of the stars of?
Who was acquitted of second degree murder in July of 2013, in which his/her case was presided over by Debra Steinberg Nelson?
Where was the Apple store coupon and credit card feature announced, that came with the eighth major iOS mobile update?
Bobby Jack Wright was secondary coach under Bob Stoops at which university?
The actress that plays Bernadette Rostenkowski-Wolowitz on "The Big Bang Theory" stars with Gary Cole and Cecily Strong in what 2015 sports comedy-drama film?
Patrick Warren and David Spencer vanished on the holiday that is celebrated on the day after what other holiday?
Justin Shenkarow voices Harold Berman, a character from a television series that aired on what station?
Are Tweedia and Nematanthus both a genus of flowering plants?
Which of the director of Strangers in the Night is best known for his role as Kevin Arnold in the American television series "The Wonder Years"?
Kewanee is how many miles west of the only east-west Highway connecting Mexico and Canada?
Which science fiction anthology has an episode written by the actress who portays Ann Perkins on Parks and Recreation?
What country does Yuma International Airport and John F. Kennedy International Airport have in common?
This American sociologist born on February 23, 1868 was a recipient of the Lenin Peace Prize and also one of the co-founders of what association?
"Inherit the Wind" is a play and later a film fictionalizing the Scopes "Monkey" Trial, in which a substitute high school teacher John Scopes was accused of teaching students what?
What kind of collection does Flight Tribe and How Do I Live have in common?
Which group Blind Melon or Cute Is What We Aim For was formed first?
In what year did the war that Maurice Challe fought in end?
Andy Cairns and George Michael are both what?
When I've Been Drinkin' was cowritten by what American Country singer born in 1985?
George Bradburn and Lydia Maria Child were both in favor of women's ____?
Aline Camboulives specializes in a sport where a significant component of the difficulty comes from what feature of the course?
The High Deeds of Finn MacCool is a story that is closer to the type that typically has origins in which tradition?
Which college did the featured guitar artist in "All to Myself" attend?
Stella K. Abraham High School for Girls located in a village that had a population of how many people in the 2010 census?
Which is the older shopping plaza: Latham Corners Shopping Center or Westgate Plaza?
How many of Disney's "Nine Old Men" worked on the film featuring Hans Conried in the dual roles of Mr George Darling and Captain Hook?
Were "Thin" and "The End of Suburbia" released in the same year?
Which pioneering record of gangsta rap with its ever-present profanity and violent lyrics did Australian grindcore band Blood Duster parody in their album title?
What 19th century African-American piano player has had his music revived by John Davis?
Born in 1963, who was a former host of American business analysis program Cashin' In?
The Thiel Foundation was created and funded by what philanthropist who was ranked No. 4 on the Forbes Midas List of 2014?
The host of the second season of the Pakistani show Madventures merged two bands in the mid-1990s that are now known as what?
Are both Lucky McKee and Michael Winner actors?
That Darn Cat! and Never a Dull Moment were both produced by what studio?
What did the Dutch American physicist and physical chemist who edited the Physikalische Zeitschrift win a Nobel prize in?
Is Dillwynia made of a harder material than an Arrowhead?
Do War and Peace and Mireille have the same number of acts?
What Hong Kong actor pops up as a major supporting role in To Catch the Uncatchable?
How is the name of this princess, who has a brother named Semyon Vorontsov, and who was a major figure of the Russian Enlightenment, often spelled in English?
What position does the basketball player, who appears in the cover of the German version of NBA 2K16, play?
What American Idol star's singing competition did BoybandPH win?
Which coastal city is the second largest in Wales and home to the blues band The Electric Revelators?
Which long-running magazine was founded first: Belgian publication Femmes d’Aujourd’hui, or Better Homes and Gardens, from the USA?
Salvador included the actress in a starring role who was of which heritage?
Bob Boetticher was the lead funeral director for a former President who died in what year?
In what city did Vladislav Bulakhov graduate from college?
What revolutionary state was established by Dáil Éireann in 1919?
Islam Net has a local chapter in the municipality in what Norwegian county?
Which NFL team drafted the senior quarterback of the 2002 Texas Longhorns?
What was the English publication name of the architecture treatise written by the Roman author commonly known as Vitruvius?
William Thomas Seawell was the head of what company that was the largest international airport carrier until 1991?
The Royal Medal of Recompense was established by a king that was Duke of Schleswig during what years?
Was The Watcher in the Woods or Swiss Family Robinson released first?
Are Aimee Echo and Courtney Taylor-Taylor both singers?
What award did Susan Lynch win as a result of her role in Beautiful Creatures?
What position does alexis sanchez play and is speed a factor?
Which breed was recognized first, the Swedish Vallhund or the Ratonero Bodeguero Andaluz?
Do the genuses Thalictrum and Rumex contain roughly the same number of species?
What 1989 movie did James Scott Bumgarner appear in?
In addition to the individual born in October 1959, who else helped produce the studio album Featuring Songs from Their Television Show?
How tall was the tallest building in Manchester, New Hampshire before the current tallest took that title?
Including the non-governmental organisation of experts committed to expanding the frontiers of space, what were the other two societies Loeb was elected fellow of?
The Nevada Gaming Control Board assigned the name "Downtown Las Vegas Area" to the area that includes the downtown Las Vegas casinos and the Stratosphere Las Vegas, which used to be called what?
Which city in California was the sole candidate for the 2028 games, officially known as the Games of the XXXIV Olympiad?
Which magazine was geared towards teenagers, Modern Screen or Seventeen?
What are the languages of the two albums released by the boy band which calls Pledis Entertainment its home?
Tumble included trainers who once trained which retired British artistic gymnast?
Since what has the conference that has the North Texas Mean Green football team been affiliated with the NCAA's Division I?
Carlo Ignazio Monza's music formed a ballet based on what 18th century play?
What city was the winner of the 1918 United States Senate election in Montana born?
Solely based on the given paragraphs above which band has released more albums, Rammstein or Chiodos?
What other male actor did Barry Keoghan co-star with the 2017 horror film The Killing of a Sacred Deer?
Between Roddy Woomble and Tom Fletcher, who had more diverse job experiences?
Who distributed the album "Ryde or Die Vol.1"?
Enoch Bolles' most widely reproduced advertising illustration is for a manufacturing company located where?
Who produced the film which was Omung Kumar's directorial debut?
In what year did the guest wrestling coach for person that many consider to be the greatest mixed martial artists of all time win a silver medal a the Summer Olympics?
Who wrote the song with which Critics compared Fading?
The Mills River flows into what other river, located in Transylvania County, North Carolina?
Is a Kumquat a member of the Tetracentron genus?
Which retired Canadian professional ice hockey player did Mike Barnett make contract for?
Magda's Funny Bits starred which Australian film actress and comedian?
Which singer is part of a band with a shorter name, Rivers Cuomo or Max Bemis?
A railway constructed along aqueducts in north west England from Heywood to Rawtenstall was built in response to the growing population of what time period?
Physics for Future Presidents: The Science Behind the Headlines is a 2008 book by an American physicist who founded an independent 501(c)(3) non-profit with his daughter named what?
How many places are Ahmad A'zam's ethnic group found?
Where is the college located that owns and operates WURC (88.1 FM)?
Giselle Cossard Binon Omindarewa was also known as what?
The 1965 Giro d'Italia started in the country with an area of how many square kilometers?
What kind of person does Ian Johns and World Series of Poker have in common?
The Challenge is a television show hosted by an athlete from what sport?
On the Spot was hosted by a man who was evacuated to Northampton during what war?
Who was the publisher of the graphic novel by Anthony Johnston on which a spy thriller film was adapted?
John Williams appeared for the third time in the Super Bowl played in what Miami building?
From the Monty Python group who plays the role of Brian?
The 1998 Detroit Tigers drew 1,409,391 fans to a baseball park located in what neighborhood?
What was the beginning year of the European debt crisis that particularly affected Portugal, Italy, Greece, and Spain?
Which Governor of Alabama ran against Bob Riley, a Republican, and Libertarian nominee John Sophocleus in the Alabama gubernatorial election, 2002?
Which singer died at the age of thirty, Shaun Morgan or Dave Williams?
Humberto Carlos Cruz Silva was a Chilean footballer who was nicknamed after a large felid of the subfamily Felinae that occurs mainly in Iran and?
What philanthropic Roman emperor ruled during the time of the group of ten cities on the eastern frontier of the Roman Empire that were centers of Greek and Roman culture in an otherwise Semitic-speaking region?
Did Die Soldaten or Pelléas et Mélisande premiere in Paris?
What was the gang merged into by the gang leader born on November 30, 1950?
Who is the actor that was in the Scream trilogy horror films, that will star in Woody Allen's newest project? Liev Schreiber?
Who has more professions, Midge Ure or Stevie Nicks?
A local version of Time Warner's animation and repeats TV channel Boomerang launched in November 2016 in which east Asian language?
Which addition of the UEFA European Championship is the 2018–19 UEFA Nations League part of the qualification for?
What city with 6,781 people in 2010 did Chet Blaylock teach in?
What is used in both Kalimotxo and Rossini?
What hip hop duo debut album did British American rapper/producer MF Doom include tracks from on his live album, Live from Planet X?
Who is the director of the movie "8½" in which Sandra Milo has a role?
Which branch of the Wyndham City Libraries is located at the home of RAAF Base Williams?
Where was the novel that inspired the play Murder on the Nile first published?
Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal competed in tennis competitions against each other in what came to be known as what rivalry?
Hamilton Morris has a series featured on what network?
What is the top priority of the company that was formerly known as EyeTech Pharmaceuticals?
In what county of New York, United States is West Sayville and Sayville School District located?
The person who competed for Jordan in the demonstration sport of speed skiing at the 1992 Albertville Olympics was born on what date?
Which cast member of "Grey's Anatomy" starred in "Money"?
Denise Richards Played Ross Geller's cousin on a tv sitcom created by who?
Chelyabinsk Airlines' former name meant what in Russian?
The first english fighter in a UFC main event stared in My Name is Lenny along side who?
Where have Ivan Bella and Frank De Winne both traveled?
Which American business magazine released a list of Hottest Startups of 2013?
The sixth studio album of a Canadian rock band whose songs are characterized by abstract, poetic lyrics and idiosyncratic vocals released on what date?
The Pittsburgh Maulers' most prominent player picked during the 1984 USFL draft was born in what year?
What was the book written by Hillary Rodham Clinton in 1998 about?
How many residents were in the resort town in which Nida Lighthouse was located?
The Het peoples live west of the Paraná River on which continent?
Who has been nominated for more Academy Awards, Fred Guiol or Rob Nilsson?
Which playright was influenced by Christopher Marlowe, who died in 1593?
When they were both in publication, which magazine came out more often: Homemakers or Chatelaine?
Which American actor that was famous for playing prominent roles in western movies and TV shows died on June 3, 2011?
Which musician or group is from the US, 3OH!3 or Regina Spektor?
What town did Kent Whealy live in that was the county seat of Sumner County, Kansas?
Who was the father of the Mughal King born in Mukundpur?
In the 2006 Buffalo Bills season, the starting quarterback was what player who played college football at UCLA and Tulane?
When was the museum founded that had work by Australian painter, performance artist and writer?
What is the nationality of the company that manufactured the Windjammer Surf Racers roller coaster?
Were Boys' Life and Galaxy Science Fiction American magazines?
Who supported the concert shown in Good Girl Gone Bad Live?
Who created the TV series which had the storyline Sharongate?
Where is the recent World War II movie filmed that features a famous actor from the "Die Hard" movies?
Anne Diamond's co host on "Good morning with Anne and Nick" is also the chairman of which football club?
Which roller coaster is similar to one found in Arlington, Texas?
Who is the supreme governor of the church which Thomas Brightman condemned as Laodicean?
"Something They Need" is the fifteenth episode of a television series developed by who?
What band does the author of The Devil's Star write songs for?
In which state did the disappearance of a Supreme Court Justice cause disquiet about a popular political organization?
Which author, editor and socialite was the mother of Alma Manon Gropius?
Morten Tyldum is a director best known for the film based on the novel published in what year?
Which of the media in which Joy Ballard was featured was presented by a journalist and broadcaster from Northern Ireland, best known for presenting "Sky News Sunrise" and "This Morning"?
What is the current name of the Nashville-based company which had a location in Goodlettsville, Tennessee?
What type of film are Chronique d'un été and Fairytale of Kathmandu classified as?
What part did the star of The Michael J. Fox Show have on Spin City?
What city houses a concert venue that has performed works of composer Mark Fish?
Professor Shonkur Kandokarkhana was written by a filmmaker of what nationality?
Zack Moore is the defensive coordinator for the college in what Kentucky county?
What technique was utilized by the director of Cheburashka?
In what year was the Finnish rally driver who was featured in "Climb Dance" born?
By what nickname was the star of Murderers' Row known?
Which is more north: the Washington State University, or University of Massachusetts Dartmouth?
Who was born first, Mahatma Ghandi or Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar?
Which canal is longer at 77 miles long, The Madera Canal or The Miami Canal?
Who defeated the former U.S. Representative for 's 14 congressional district in the 2012 Florida Elections?
When did one of Melanie Brown's co-members start her solo career?
Which film that Steve Yedlin worked on stars Bruce Willis?
On which date was this album by English musician David Bowie, where his composition "Sue (Or in a Season of Crime)" was re-recorded, released?
What was the sequel to Bride of Frankenstein (a sequel itself) and the last in the series to star Boris Karloff as the monster?
How many United States Navy or United States Coast Guard vessels have been named after the lake in Central New York located northwest of Syracuse, New York?
Woody Wuthrie wrote the song "Do Re Mi" which was about migrants and their experiences when they arrive in California and are greeted with severe storms that came in waves in what years?
58th Berlin International Film Festival closed with a film that opened on what date in the UK?
Of what national decent was the Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Empire whose title indicated he had been castrated?
William Sachiti is the founder of the company that is a UK competitor to the major automaker based in what city?
Q: What Japanese anime series was based on a Nintendo video game and ran for 984 episodes? A: Pokemon?
Which British French Crime drama series did William Ash star in?
Nicole Fosse is the only daughter of which Tony award winning American actress with flaming red hair?
John Christian Jacobi served as keeper of the Royal German Chapel at a Palace locted in what city?
In what year was director of the 2015 drama film, "We Are Your Friends," born?
What occupation are Henry Purcell and Gaspare Spontini are both well known in?
This surname is used to describe leading male actors in Bollywood. What surname is it?
In which publication did the great 19ty-century liberal philosopher John Stuart Mill explain the harm principle, of exercising power over others only to protect them from harm?
What city was the band Costadinos Contostavlos was lead singer for from?
Which Egyptian cleric was Encyclopedia of Afghan Jihad found in his residence in May 2004?
The Earth Tower is in the casino that holds the studio of what station?
How did Henry Dangar participate in the European exploration of Australia?
Which one of Dante's works was used by Giacomo Puccini to create his famous comic opera?
The No. 3 Squadron RAAF is headquartered at a base that is located in what local government area?
Colin Campbell was replaced as NHL Senior Vice President by which president of the Toronto Maple Leafs?
Did John Boorman or Alexander Butler direct more films?
When ELO's Greatest Hits was released, who was the band leader of the Electric Light Orchestra (ELO)?
Which composer born in the Upper Palatinate and raised in Bohemia wrote an operate intended to celebrate the name day of Emperor Francis I?
What form of meditation includes Dynamic meditation and teachings from the man whose followers are known as neo-sannyasins?
Who was the Vizier of the third pharaoh of the Nineteenth Dynasty of Egypt?
Dan Hole Pond is situated on the south side of a mountain range whose highest point is what summit?
Where is the hotel which El Loco is located?
The Battle of Peterswalde, which occurred during the Third Silesian War, was a part of which larger European war?
Football player Ian Starnes was born in what county?
John Toner and Geno Auriemma both coached at which university?
In 2000, the Dodgers set a club record for home runs with 211, led by which American former Major League Baseball outfielder who played with eight teams from 1988 to 2009?
Regarding the founder of the Qin dynasty, who was his grandfather?
In the movie about an icon painter, who did Irma Raush play?
What roller coaster in Mumbai, India features five track turns that put riders upside-down?
According to the 2011 census, what was the population of the municipality in which Erjon Dollapi was born?
Between the two Spanish national parks, Garajonay National Park and Monfragüe, which is known for its bird-life?
What pick did Trent Williams get drafted at in the 2010 NFL draft?
How large is this city in North Rhine-Westphalia as compared to other cities in Germany from which the Krupp family comes?
Which musician is older, Chad Smith of the Red Hot Chili Peppers, or David Vanian of The Damned?
What is the nationality of the creator of the Taurus World Stunt Awards?
Anne Ramsay is best known for her role on a sitcom that aired on what network?
What national;ity was the actress who worked with David Arnott in "The Last Man"?
Frederick Douglass and the White Negro and Land of Silence and Darkness are both what kind of film?
A house in Milan, Ohio, now a National Historic Landmark, is the birthplace of which inventor?
In which province is this city found that is located about 15 km northeast of Oosterwolde, Gelderland?
What is the age range of the school Bruce Woodley attended with Athol Guy?
Which screenwriter is best known for his dramas "A Little Princess", Mike Hodges or Alfonso Cuarón?
Which 2013 American comedy film features a song written and recorded by singer-songwriter Fred Neil in 1966 on its soundtrack?
Where was the album on which "Good Riddance (Time of Your Life)" first appeared recorded?
Who did the British and Irish Lions lose to the year Mike Blair toured with the rugby team?
Fish House Punch and Vesper are what type of drinks?
William Phillips worked on the second-unit of the Canadian sci-fi horror film that was released in what year?
In what U.S. state is the college where Douglas Koshland earned his B.A. in chemistry located?
What was the tile of Björk's third album, released in 1997 and featuring the single All Is Full Of Love?
Which of the three Great Depression resettlement communities in West Virginia is located in Preston County?
What drama was among the first original series on the TV channel AMC who's name was partly a humorous exaggeration?
What bacterial strain is isolated in the healthy 10-day-old variety of maize with a high sugar content?
Which band formed first, McFly or Firehose?
Out of the Smiths' albums "Strangeways, Here We Come" and "The Queen Is Dead", which was their last?
Which university has been established longer on its current site, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill or Princeton University?
Angela Diniz was born in Belo Horizonte which is the capital of which Brazilian state?
Which musician is older, M. Shadows or Justine Frischmann?
Who did Sir Stuart Peach replace as Chief of the Defence Staff in the summer of 2016?
What did Nocturno Culto's bandmate play primarily?
Which movie was created first, Honour Me or Cruel and Unusual?
What type of entertainment does Four Star Playhouse and David Niven have in common?
What nationality are both Grosvenor and Hugh d'Avranches, Earl of Chester?
Sitka is a community in a county that had how many inhabitants as of the 2010 census?
Indian film photographer Jagdish Mali, known for taking images of various celebrities including Shabana Azmi, is father to which Bollywood actress?
In the 2004-05 Season, The Houston Rockets acquired a center from Chicago Bulls who played how many seasons of NBA?
KZJZ is a radio station airing an Adult Contemporary serves what Montana county?
When was the American voice over actor from the Cartoon Network Studios series about imaginary friends and humans born?
Where did both Boy Scouts of America v. Dale and Stenberg v. Carhart take place?
Are Caralluma and Parthenocissus both climbing plants?
The Bad Beginning is the first novel of a chirldren's novel series by a writer born in which year?
Where both Kenny Ortega and Edward H. Griffith choreographers?
The German science fiction film drama "Until the End of the World" features what song by the rock band Talking Heads?
Mr. Wimpy and Burger Time are both examples of what?
National Caucus of Labor Committees was founded by an activist born in what year?
Mia Maestro and Salma Hayek shared what name in Frida.?
Kevin Talley, former drummer for the American death metal band Suffocation, now drums for what band?
An award-winning Australian feature film and documentary director, who specializes in period drama, directed Death Defeying Acts staring whom?
Which chain currently has more stores, Pietro's Pizza or Pizzeria Venti?
Who gave Charles Salvador his nickname?
Are both Omni and YM magazines geared toward teens?
Are TripAdvisor and GameStop both American websites?
Which magazine came out first, Motor Trend or National Lampoon?
Who created the practice in which the Florida Legislative Investigation Committee used during the era of the Second Red Scare?
AFox 40 news anchor Martha MacCallum used to anchor a show on CNBC that had the same time slot that the Morning Call does now, what was the name of that show?
What kind of audience numbers does the work that inspired The Black Halo have?
Which album was produced by Tony Sheridan for Polydor Records?
Which endorser of the Nike football boot, known for being lightweight, was endorsed by a French professional footballer who plays for German club Bayern Munich?
Philip James Craig appeared in a 2009 film directed by Robert Schwentke and based on a novel by what author?
What is the birthdate of this American white supremacist, who calls himself an identitarian and who has had involvement with Lucian Wintrich?
How much did the comedy-drama directed by same person heading the Amazing Spider-Man and released by Fox Searchlight Pictures gross worldwide?
Whose music mixes electronic, deep and a subgenre of deep house, with elements of dancehall and Balearic house?
Absu's fourth album "Tara", released on May 23, 2001, saw vocal contributions from Kim Bendrix Petersen, who is better know by what stage name?
Who is the French physicist that Coulometry is named after?
Jeff Bhasker collabrated on a song with Kanye West that won a Grammy, and was released on which of Kanye's Albums?
Were both Gene Nelson and James Cagney directors?
Are Haiyang and Shantou both located in Guangdong province?
Which dog breed originated further east, the Cão Fila de São Miguel or the Saluki?
Which Opera has more acts Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria or Die Walküre?
Stuart Clarke and David Lieberman were fictional characters showcased in which comics universe?
Dexter Coakley played football for a university in which City?
Who created the series where Brian Tyree Henry guest starred as William's cousin?
Which competition did Keri Herman win a silver medal in “Slopestyle” and is held in Tignes, France?
In 1996, Terence P. Jeffrey became editor of a website founded as a newspaper in what year?
Adolf Bastion influenced the thought of a man who wrote what?
The former sheriff of Maricopa County, who was trolled by Duke St. Rollins, lost the re-election to which person?
Christian O'Brien was involved in the discovery of Chogha Zanbil; which is one of the few ziggurats outside of where?
Which English actor and producer guest-star in the third episode of the eighth series of "Doctor Who"?
What year was the first movie, which starred the band who formed Nick Jonas & the Administration as a side project, released?
What unofficial ceasefires along the Western Front of World War I were described by Sir Edward Hulse in letters published posthumously?
The current wide receivers coach for Bowling Green, Seth Doege, was the 4th of 4 West Texas natives to quarterback for Texas Tech during the Mike Leach era. The player who was 2nd of the 4 played during which season?
Idrissa Sylla possesses a similar style of footballing to which former English player and manager?
Which leading Soviet Armenian composer composed the ballet whose libretto was written by Konstantin Derzhavin?
Which friend of Krzysztof Kieślowski wrote the musical score to the film known in French as "Trois colours"?
Turnford Brook flows through a borough that covers how many square miles?
Brown Hill Creek is part of the catchment of the river that drains what area of flat, swampy lands?
Which cocktail uses egg white as an ingredient, The Clover Club Cocktail or The U-Boot?
Which has more species: Saxegothaea or Fragaria?
What station is the notional half-way point on the West Coast Main Line in the nation where the Burscough Junction Station Crash occurred in January 1880?
Of which association are both University of Michigan and University of Kansas part of?
What guided missile destroyer class was comprised of one ship named after a city in Yorkshire and two ships serving the Argentine Navy?
When was the Australian professional snooker player born who who's compatriot was Vincent "Vinnie" Calabrese?
Linda Hughes was educated at the university that was founded in what year?
Are both Aaroh and Evermore names of bands?
What could possibly have been lit by a garrison in Fatlips Castle?
Which band is new, Before Their Eyes or Matthew Good Band?
Keyway Air Transport used a jet airliner with versions that have a apacity from 140 to 219 what?
What sport does Phil Mahre and Mikaela Shiffrin participate in?
Which album compiled by Wings is in the series of The Paul McCartney Collection?
The band that made the album "If You Could Hear Me Now" moved to what country in 1965?
Lack of Communication was an album by a group that was part of a musical movement that developed in what time period?
Hacksaw Ridge is a documentary about Desmond Doss who was unable to carry a weapon due to his what?
How many times did one of the actors of Always Be The Winners win the Hong Kong Film Award?
Which genus has more species Sarracenia or Eulophia?
What was the nickname of the operatic soprano who starred in One Night of Love?
In which season was the player who tallied 9,014 career point traded to the Dallas Mavericks?
Va banque is a gambling term from a card game in which winning or losing occurs when cards turned up by the banker match what?
Since 2002, Sauratown Trail has been designated a part of a long distance trail that ends to the west at which point?
Glenn Slater received his third Tony nomination for his performance in a movie with music by who?
The Acer beTouch E110 is a smartphone manufactured by a company headquartered in what location?
Which French theme park with several 3D cinemas and a few 4D cinemas along with other attractions and shows, which was the starting point of a Tour de France race?
Which company is based in the same city where a British and Hong Kong entrepreneur served as an unoffical member of the Executive Council and the Legislative Council?
Who is blamed by Tacitus for provoking a queen of the Celtic Iceni tribe?
What tour grossed 75 million dollars and was also the name of Michael Jackson's sixth studio album?
The Westwood Press is one of more than 100 weeklies published by Community Newspaper Company, which is a division of what U.S. newspaper publisher, that is headquartered in Perinton, New York?
Are Melastoma and Barringtonia both types of flowers?
Dear Socks, Dear Buddy is a book that was about the dog that was of what breed, kept by the First Family during their second term?
What job do both Norman Thaddeus Vane and Jia Zhangke have in common?
Are Michael Jackson and Louise Wener both known as dancers?
Who was born first Kevin Woo or Scott Weiland?
Which of the actors starred in Brad's Status is widely known for her portrayal as Pam Beesly on the NBC sitcom "The Office"?
Which producer of the 2017 adaptation of Stephen King's "It" is also a co=writer of 2013 horror drama "Mama"?
What valley is Taylor Gill Force located in?
Which is a type of fern, Cibotium or Ecballium?
Who is the head (born 1935) of the criminal family in Melbourne whose members' convictions include drug trafficking, arms dealing and armed robberies?
William Borden Conover resided in a town of what population in 2010?
The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery was a comedy that parodies the ideas of which Labour leader's government?
Jules Granier wrote the Easter song Hosanna, that was recorded by an Italian operatic tenor who sang to great acclaim at the major opera houses of Europe and the Americas, and was born in what year?
Philip Myers' akodont is a recently described species of grass mouse from one of 23 provinces of Argentina, located in the northeastern corner of the country in what region?
Which continent were the Australian Shepherd and the West Highland White Terrier breeds' ancestors located in?
In what year was the host of the 2016 Kids' Choice Sports Awards born?
Italian cruiser Agordat: provided gunfire support when which empire and kingdom fought?
Which genus of plants is within the Asteraceae family, Tithonia or Hymenocallis?
How many bit is the device that Drone Tactics is played on?
Where was the castle at which Governor of Chester placed a garrison?
Has František Čermák and Horia Tecău both reached the top ten ranking in tennis doubles?
What teams merged to form the team that loaned Mikael Anderson to Vendsyssel FF?
How many square feet of gambling space does the casino Ralph Weston Sturges helped build have?
What occupation do E. Elias Merhige and Jean-Pierre Jeunet have in common?
The conference that the 2012-13 Hartford Hawks men's basketball team were members of was named what between 1988 and 1996?
ARA Sarandí is the fourth and last ship of what class of warships built in Germany?
Of the bothers featured in the 2014 American true crime sports drama film produced by Bennett Miller, which was a seven-time World and Olympic medalist?
Which Japanese-born American cinematogrpher is known for his photography in the 2009 supernatural horror film Jennifer's Body?
Were Allure and Today's Housewife founded in the same century?
What ballet was the last work of the composer of "La poupée de Nuremberg"?
What genre of movie do Alita: Battle Angel and Avatar share?
What's the name of the group that Bacharach worked hands-on with, when rock and pop acts from Britain became popular in the United States?
Which minor league team that plays its home games at Ogren Park did Tetsuya Yamaguchi play for before he was drafted by the Giants?
What game can have more players, Ouija or Onyx?
Who is the head coach of the baseball team for which Steven Gingery is a pitcher?
Griffon Bleu de Gascogne and Maltese are both what?
What street is the house is next door to the place Shakespeare died located on?
Ciampino–G. B. Pastine International Airport serves as a base for an Irish airline founded in what year?
Gaius Antonius Hybrida was the uncle of a politician born in which year?
Compared to the Miami and Erie Canal, how was the Dundee Canal better?
Streamlining the Cities was issued by the government of what British stateswoman who was Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 1979 to 1990?
Erinn Hayes starred in the first season of a CBS sitcom that premiered in what year?
Which opera, if any, between La scala di seta and The Barber of Seville is performed in fewer acts?
Are both Go Further and Barefoot to Herat films by Ron Mann?
What FX drama series was the actor that starred in 3,2,1... Frankie Go Boom in?
In what city is the university whose Department of Computer Sciences had James L. Fastook located?
In which year was the historic house and museum that the Maine Historical Society operates from designated as a National Historic Landmark?
Were both James Cagney and Cy Endfield magicians?
The Molly Brown House Museum (also known as House of Lions) is a house that was the home of American philanthropist, socialite, and activist Margaret Brown, best known for her survival of what disaster?
Which of the head coaches of the 2016 Auburn Tigers football team and 2016 Oklahoma Sooners football team have been in post longer?
Eric Dickerson went on to rush for a playoff record 248 yards in post season play against a football team that has made it to the super bowl how many times?
What is the name of the conference hosted by the man who was Vice President of the United States from 1993 to 2001?
Who has more entertainment prowell Pierre Bouvier:or Jello Biafra?
What was the 2010 population of the birthplace of Gerard Piel?
Robert the Bruce extended a castle located on the southern shore of which Loch?
What is the name of the former United States Air Force member turned martial artist, actor, film producer, and screenwriter who started in Karate Kommandos?
Which of these are found only on a single continent, Pamianthe or Bombax?
Who worked on TV more in 2017, Kurt Cobain or Gavin Rossdale?
When was the ship Ralph McMaster Rich was awarded the Navy Cross for his leadership on first launched?
We’re both Edward Albee and Arturo Uslar Pietri both politicians?
Heaven can wait is a single that prominently features an American singer, songwriter, record producer, and multi-instrumentalist, that is mostly known for what?
Are Platystemon and Apera part of the same genus?
Who created the network Animal Stories began airing on in 2006?
The American attorney, politician and author serving as a republican government official has served for how many years?
What team, previously coached by Valerie Goodwin-colbert, competes in the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I?
How high is the mountain that is at the start of the Appalachian Trail?
Which alternative rock band was founded first, Galaxie 500 or Sponge?
Liliana Mumy reprises her role as Mertle Edmonds for the final time in a feature length film in which movie?
Who wrote a book about Muhammad Ali and boxers who opposed him?
What role did the reader of "The Forever Trap" play in "Doctor Who"?
In which state was the black farmhand lynched in 1916 in with over 10,000 spectators, that prompted Silent Parade with about 10,000 African Americans along Fifth Avenue starting at 57th Street in New York City the next year?
Which mountain is taller, Nanda Devi or Masherbrum?
Which bride is the the eastern most crossing off of a proposed bridge or tunnel that would link Long Island, New York, to Westchester County or Connecticut?
Who were the co-stars of the actor who portrayed Ethan Rom on the television series "Lost," in the American crime drama film directed by Todd Field?
From how many sources does this constitution, on which the Constitution of Alberta is modeled, draws?
What Boo Ji-Young film was about employees of a retail supermarket who band together when the contract workers are laid off?
Doctor Ox's Experiment was first performed at a coliseum designed by what architect?
California Suite is a 1976 play by an american playwright born in what year?
In what year was the producer of the album "Less Deep Inside Keeps" born?
What pork sausages are flavored with a plant indigenous to the shores of the Mediterranean?
Who are the series creators of the show whose 186th episode is titled "Fishsticks"?
Which artist worked alongside the South African record producer to assist with production?
Kurt Budke was the head coach for the team that competes in what Division I conference?
What is the name of memorial commemorating victims of the genocide which killed as much as 70% of the Tutsi population?
How many years after The Beach Boys group formed, did the group record the hits featured on Live in Sacramento 1964?
Which Canadan professional wrestler was part of the tag team known as reDRagon with Bobby Fish?
In what european counrty is the Miniatürk and Church of SS Peter and Paul, Istanbul located?
Which English novelist authored books published by a children's book editor based in Oxford?
China Airlines established what low-cost carrier that is based at Taoyuan International Airport?
Which game can include more players, Zombies!!! or Carcassonne?
Which board game was released first, Saint Petersburg or Figure It Out?
Which NCAA Division I college tried to drop its women's basketball program, then reinstate it, leading to the resignation of coach Valerie Goodwin-Colbert?
The director of Jack the Giant Slayer is the founder of what production company?
Who was the producer of the 2002 British action horror film written and directed by Neil Marshall, and starring Kevin McKidd, Sean Pertwee and Liam Cunningham?
Keyz has worked with what professional rapper?
Dynamic or Electric Armour is a type of armour used for the protection of ships from shaped charge weapons and has been proposed as an upgrade to the Gerald R. Ford class which introduces what new thechology?
What county was James Price bron in?
The city that hosted the Virginia Renaissance Faire between 1996 and 1999 had a population of 24,286 in what census?
Are both both Matthew Good Band and David Cook American?
Lino Schmidek Machado Facioli played Naples in which 2010 American black comedy film written, produced and directed by Nicholas Stoller and starring Russell Brand and Jonah Hill?
Johnny "Big Moose" Walker has worked with which American musician and bandleader?
Which student at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry has family who reside in "The Burrow" outside of Ottery St. Catchpole?
Canterbury College is affiliated with the college that has approximately how many undergraduate students?
The artist that released the album Stevie at the Beach was signed to what label at the age of 11?
Where is the company that publishes "Air Enthusiast" located?
The Tariff of 1833 was proposed by the statesman who first served three non-consecutive terms in what post?
What type of instrument is the Sagar Veena, invented by the father of musician Noor Zehra?
Who guest appeared on Luv is Rage 2?
Which actor appeared in more than fifty British films, including the 1946 thriller Green for Danger?
In what city is a pizza restaurant chain criticized by Stealing Share headquartered?
In which city was born the man who wrote a book about a British Army officer who fought in the Second Boer War?
Which military branch did Jimmy Doolittle serve?
Which two men write the rock musical that Galt McDermot is known for?
Which singer is American, Mark King or Nick Hexum?
Do tennis players Martina Navratilova and Wesley Moodie share the same nationality?
The American pop music girl group of the 1960s known for "People Say" has which highly successful record that was originally called "Jock-A-Mo"?
What person did actor Scott Parker portray that was a 19th-century Virginia slave?
Both "Jett Jackson the Movie" and "The Famous Jett Jackson" are centered around what type of character?
Brothers Jordan Subban and Malcolm Subban are known for playing what sport?
Which country was a British-born aviator for whom a movie starring Trevor Eve was based on fly as one of the first bush pilots in?
What kind of film was Светлана Афанасьевна Светличная famous for?
During the 1998–99 FC Barcelona season what footballer played as a left winger or as an attcking midfielder?
Who directed a 2017 film starring Antonio Aakeel?
Which influential rock guitarist co-wrote "Finish What Ya Started" with Sammy Hagar in 1988 and was later named the number one guitarist by "Guitar World" magazine?
What criminal organization did James Marcello and Joseph Lombardo work for?
Which Musician is older Philip Labonte or Shin Hye-sung?
Which Welsh theoretical physicist and professor emeritus of physics at the University of Cambridge is the discovery of the supercurrent in SNS contacts is sometimes mistakenly attributed to?
What occupation did Luchino Visconti and Boaz Yakin share?
When was the buiding built that housed the first pay-per-view promoted by Ring of Honor?
Are Edwards Lifesciences and Omnicom Group, Inc. in the same industry?
What type of bowler is the cricketer who took 7 wickets in the series between Pakistan and Ireland in 2011?
What member of The Smoking Guns also wrestled in Japan?
What is the first name of the Russian clown whose show won the Tony Award for Best Special Theatrical Event?
Are both Alien Ant Farm and The White Stripes formed in the 1990's?
Who co-produced the movie Jonah Hill starred in in 2007 that wasn't "Superbad"?
How many films she acted who was in lead role of Siva?
Sean Masterson was an improvisational performer on which Drew Carey's show?
This song, which got heavy rotation on MTV was written by Sebastian Bach, Rachel Bolan and a rock guitarist in what kind of band?
What is the popular martial arts technique associated with Wing Chun Kung Fu with the abbreviation JKD?
Which genus, Cymbopogon or Amherstia, has a larger native habitat?
Did Clyde Geronimi and Maurice Tourneur live during any of the same years?
How long is the monorail that has a platform 2000 feet away from Caesars Palace?
Which is farther south, 45 Broad Street or 520 Park Avenue?
Chad A. Lupinacci is an Assembly member whose districts include one with a population of what as of the 2010 census?
Do Glenn Hughes and Chantal Claret both perform in bands?
Who was born first, Brad Pickett or Dana White?
In what city was the Election Law Journal founded?
Who is older Reinhold Ewald or Bertalan Farkas?
Confidential Assignment was a South Korean action film directed by whom?
From which country is the composer of La cetra, published in 1727?
Diego García-Borreguero has completed fellowships in sleep medicine and sleep research at an agency founded when?
What movie does Ed Skrein act in that is a french action film?
What is the legal case status of the person accused for having murdered Laci Denise Peterson?
George Hires represented the state that ranks what in regards to population figures?
In what year did the person Janelle Monae portrayed in Hidden Figures become acting supervisor of the West Area Computers?
When did the group debut that Kang Sung-hoon is a part of?
When was the American actor born who played by Travis Schuldt from July 5, 1999 to July 3, 2002?
Vess soda is sold through what Canadian dollar store headquartered in Montreal?
Philip H. Greene, Jr. attended college in what state?
Which was built later, One World Trade Center or Latting Observatory?
Which indian music composer created the soundtrack for siddu from sikakulam and was awarded the nandi award?
What was the occupation of both Lev Pontryagin and Vladimir Drinfeld?
How long does the prime minister which has Sarla Grewal as the principal secretary serves?
Shabbona Lake State Park is named after a Native American leader of a tribe that was part of what long-term alliance?
Iteration was a studio album by the American electronic musician from what city?
Susie Tompkins Buell co-founded which publicly-owned manufacturer of clothing and jewelry?
Uwe Seeler, professional footballer, appeared in a comedy called "Willi Manages The Whole Thing", his grandson plays football. What is his name?
Who created the sitcom in which Amy Farrington appeared in 1997?
The largest mixed martial arts organization in the world held and event in what Japanese city on April 14, 2000?
The first woman elected Attorney General of Minnesota, served under what party?
Where in the United States will you find the adult Anthophylax hoffmani?
Which national park is home of Australia's second bird observatory, which received a royal visit from Charles and Diana in 1985?
When was the creator of "The Civil War" born?
Where is the mural of a previously minor Lancastrian township located?
Which 2 records companies released the U2 album that includes the song "Miracle Drug"?
Are Adam Darski and Pierre Bouvier in the same industry?
When does the sit-in street protests opposed by Politihk Social Strategic occurred?
What actress named Rookie of the Year starred in the movie The Other Woman?
What structure did the Annie C. Maguire hit in the Gulf of Maine?
The movie The Mark of the Renegade starring Cyd Charisse is based on which novel?
Baleine, Nova Scotia is best known as the landing site for a pilot born in which year?
What is the present post of the head coach of the 1982 NC State Wolfpack football team?
Gordon Warnecke worked alongside the former senator for which political party on Young Toscanini?
In 1982 the New York Jets defeated the Cincinnati Bengals and Los Angeles Raiders to advance to a playoff game in which league?
Are Great Pyrenees and Terceira Mastiff both dog breeds?
For what role is the actress, who starred in the film The Things My Father Never Taught Me with Burleigh Smith and Aiden Papamihail, best known?
Which film, written by the director of "Still Crazy", stars Angela Basset and Laurence Fishburne?
What ABC television series did the actor, who played the notorious criminal John Dillinger in "Young Dillinger," star in?
What cartridge was developed in 1910 and is currently used in the M2 machine gun?
Which opened first, 28 Liberty Street or World Trade Center?
What type of Animation has Erik Scott Kimerer voiced acted in that quicky went viral?
Are Camel Up and Yut both board games?
Are Egeria and Kunzea both native to south of the equator?
What type of molluscs did the returning restaurants serve after Schultz Preserve was restored in 1995?
Vice Versa is a 1948 British comedy film written and directed by an English actor that served as a Goodwill Ambassador for who?
What community in Spain owns a comarca named for one of the oldest artificial foods?
Natalia Bestemianova performed with her partner in winning what competition five times?
Were Dorothy Arzner and Richard Wallace both French film directors?
Which of those that repeated a home run in the Major Leagues after Robert Eenhoorn has previously played in MLB for the Cincinnati Reds in 2012?
Which shopping destination, managed by The Pyramid Company, has more square feet, Crossgates Commons, or Crossgates Mall?
The 1992 New Hampshire gubernatorial election was held for what seat?
What show was the actress Masiela Lusha from Sharknado featured in?
What American politician, who was the first formally designated floor leader in the United States Senate, lived at 2000 G Street in Washington, D.C. from 1914 to 1925?
Waltz #2 is a song by what Nebraska singer-songwriter with a distinctive vocal style?
A5117 road of Cheshire England runs just east of with Ellesmore Port outlet?
What team did the cover athlete of the NFL Quarterback Club 96 play 13 years of his career for?
Countess Victoria Bernstorff-Gyldensteen is a former lady-in-waiting of the Danish Royal Family of a princess married to who?
James DeHart coached a service team at which United States Air Force Base, which was closed in 1993?
Who plays the rhythm guitar in this English indie rock band formed in 2006 that worked with Rob Kiran and had the band's producer joining as a member a decade after?
The New Orleans VooDoo were a professional arena football team based in New Orleans, Louisiana played there games at this multi purpose indoor arena?
Ronald Kinnoch produced the 1952 film starring the actor who was best known for portraying what type of character?
What was the movement the namesake of Johar Town known as besides the Pakistan Movement?
The 2003 Kansas Jayhawks football team was coached by a head coach who was offensive coordinator and tight ends coach at Iowa State University until when?
When was the President of India born who inaugurated Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) on 1 October 2017?
The heir to the Du Pont family fortune sponsored what wrestling team?
Which of these motor shows occurs more often? The North American International Auto Show or the Tokyo Motor Show?
Snow Dogs and Return from Witch Mountain share both being released by what entity?
What World War I battle took place the month before Max von Hausen was relieved of command?
Richard B. Paddock was a captain of which regiment that fought natives on the Texas frontier?
The singer of There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back was signed with what record label in 2014?
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea's national footbal team was in which group of the 2010 FIFA World Cup?
What is the former name of the roller coaster next to Space Spiral?
Brandon T. Jackson had a role in the 2008 satirical action film directed by whom?
Between Vinca and Dieffenbachia, which genus has range that extends further north?
Simon Wright cites which English musician and songwriter and a drummer born in 1948 as his greatest influence?
What city has its council offices in the suburb of Sturt and contains part of O'Halloran Hill, South Australia?
What is one of the countries which borders the province which is home to Barrio Esperanza?
What country is Jesse Stone: Lost in Paradise filmed in?
Where does the novel Mockinjay by Suzanne Collins take place?
Who handled the production of the number-one single from Dua Lipa's self-titled debut studio album?
What country of origin does Wonder Woman and Steve Trevor have in common?
Unlike Xuzhou, where is Rugao under the adminstration of?
Did Pussy Galore start their career before Jack's Mannequin?
What do students do at the school of New York University where Meleko Mokgosi is an artist and assistant professor?
In how many countries is the meat substitute product which has the same name with where Jedd Hughes was born available?
Which reigning family's king descended form the House of Keōua Nui first name was William?
Which Pakistani cricket umpire who won 3 consecutive ICC umpire of the year awards in 2009, 2010, and 2011 will be in the ICC World Twenty20?
The Southern Interscholastic Press Association was located in two places, Which is the two is located outside of Rockbridge County?
What was the debut album of the singer whose song "What I Am" was sampled in "Slow Down" by Brand Nubian?
What is the visual difference between The Lion King and A Far Off Place?
Are Harry A. Pollard and Stephan Elliott both silent film directors?
Which was published first, Villa Paletti or Saint Petersburg?
What is the term for the process of designing evaluating and producing systems used to extend shelf life, monitor freshness, display information on quality, improve safety, and improve convenience of products?
Which one of the Beatles died before the release of Somewhere in England in 1981?
Do both Tracey Thorn and Eugene Hütz have disc jockeying in their accomplishment credits?
What was a popular amusement park that lies on the coastline of the Pacific Ocean?
When was the older brother of Carl Pelini born?
What was the debut single of the composer and singer of Probablemente?
On which day was the host of the BBC game show that aired from 18 August 2014 to 31 August 2015 born?
Were Jocelyn Moorhouse and Arthur Berthelet both writers and film directors?
What stands beside the Pont de Grenelle in Paris, one of hundreds of similar examples around the world?
Who was born first, Rebecca Millett or Cynthia Dill?
Where is The Market: A Farm Fresh Supermarket's distributor located?
What is the birthdate of this American former professional basketball player, who played for the New Jersey Nets and asked to be called Jay on joining the Bulls in 2002?
In which year did this Cuban-American former Major League Baseball (MLB) player, who was the first one to join 40-40 club, publish a tell-all book about performance-enhancing drug usage across MLB players?
Which of Mana's favorite drummers played in the band Deep Purple?
In 1983, Kevin McAlea wrote English-language lyrics to a hit by what German singer?
Are Lost Cities and Totopoly both considered board games?
What 2010 horror film did Seo Young-hee star in alongside Ji Sung-won?
Who has been on a British television music competition show and was was most popular in the 80's with the pop band 'Culture Club'?
In addition to writing, what was the author of the text to Lord of All Being, Throned Afar formally trained in?
Which one of these universities founded first - Technical University of Crete and Mongolian University of Science and Technology?
When was the castle built that is the principle building of Guthrie, Angus?
Which game allows more players, Scattergories or Mastermind?
How many times did the player who was given a wild card entry to the 2013 World Championship win the World Championship?
In between Parenting and Cook's Illustrated which was published in United States between 1987 and 2013?
Pleshet is the Hebrew name for what might otherwise be called the land of which ancient people known for their conflict with who?
Were the Apple IIc and the Gradiente Expert made by different companies?
"Give Love at Christmas" is an album created by this group notable for their success with Motown Records during the 1960s and 1970s; which original member continues (as of 2017) to perform with them?
Karey Kirkpatrick has screenwriting credits in the 2008 fantasy film based on the book by whom?
What public broadcasting service has headquarters located in the largest city in South Tyrol?
In what battle did businessman and farmer lead troops to kill one of the deadliest and most brutal pro-Conferderate guerrilla leaders in the American Civil War?
What power station commissioned in 2003 is located in the western third of Australia?
The team that races Red Bull RB4 has won how many successive Constructors' Championship titles?
Which city has a larger population, Guiyang or Tacheng?
In what area of London were Beatle boots derived from Chelsea Boots?
Did Arne Sucksdorff and Seth Grahame-Smith work in the same industry?
Are Fitness and Stylist catered to men?
How many regular seasons did the National Hokey League have up til the 1991-92 Edmonton Oilers season?
What music producer has Danielle Riley Keough's mother been married to?
Are Daniil Kharms and René Crevel both European writers?
Robert Thornby and Tommy Wiseau are both what?
The Wolf of Wall Street starred the actor who starred in what American sitcom?
When was the hostess of The 43rd Annual Tony Awards born?
Bianca's Smut Shack became a popular theme camp at annual gathering held at which city?
What stores anchor the shopping center located at the end of Interstate 759?
What NBA Executive of the Year is currently a general manager and President of Basketball Operations for the Boston Celtics?
Are Ascocenda and Diploglottis both types of plant?
Who created the basketball league in which, the team 3 Headed Monsters plays?
Which documentary featured cameos by musicians, Go Further or The True Glory?
Kuch Kuch Locha Hai starred the Canadian-born Indian American actress who worked in what capacity previously?
Are both Panzhou and Tianchang in China?
Patrick Reynolds is an American music executive, record producer and songwriter noted for working with prominent artists such as an American rapper and actor from where?
Essie Davis has the role of Elizabeth woodville in a British-American historical fiction television series based on whose 2013 novel of the same name?
Who was born first, Anthony Boucher or Henry Webster Mudgett?
Which dog, the Polish Hunting Dog or German Spaniel is not very well known outside of Germany, but was recognised by the United Kennel Club in 1996?
Which company between CMS Energy and Kansas City Southern operates in a wider network?
What is the name of Hassan Khomeini's grandfather?
What type of profession does The Magic Touch and Leon Lai have in common?
Who has more scope of profession, Noel M. Smith or Frank Daniel?
What term is the person who designed the system design and graphics of Panzer Armee Afrika credited for creating?
Which university, with campuses in Minneapolis and St. Paul, had Jim Wacker as its football coach?
The Cardigan Pluton was built during what Middle Devonian period?
The experiment that played a major role in the general acceptance of the wave theory of light was performed by a man of what profession?
Steven "Steve" Smith is a politician representing a disctrict that includes a town with how many lakes and ponds?
What actor from the crime drama "Breaking Bad" and comedy series "Seinfeld", also appeared in the 2011 legal thriller "The Lincoln Laywer"?
What do American Jon Jost and Swede Kay Pollak have in common?
What other films has animated superhero movie animator Victor Navone worked on?
Is the University of Pittsburgh or Boston University still a private institution?
Were Finding Dory and Inside Out both spin-offs from another Pixar animated film?
Are The Rockfords and Blumfeld both rock bands?
What year was the director of the movie Magnolia born?
What is the name of the place that is on the west bank of the Missouri River 25 mi northwest of Kansas City, Missouri where Jack Killilay was born?
What is a traditional music instrument from India that makes the sound "bugchoo"?
Where can you hear Kristen Anderson-Lopez's songs in a performance of Finding Nemo - The Musical?
Wing has drawn comparisons to what American socialite and amateur soprano who was known and mocked for her flamboyant performance costumes?
How many constituent colleges does the University of Oxford have?
When was the King of Prussia died under whom Friedrich Wilhelm Ernst Freiherr von Gaudi served as a Lieutenant General?
Huston and Truman Capote's parody film "Beat the Devil" was loosely based on whom that was born in 1904?
Campus Man, a 1987 American comedy film, starred which American actress known for her starring role on the ABC drama television series "NYPD Blue"?
Francis Ford Coppola was the director for which trilogy in which the family name is Corleone?
What Lady Gaga song did the Oxford Belles mix with Rihanna's third single from the reloaded edition of her album "Good Girl Gone Bad"?
Sancta Maria has been recorded by the Italian singer-songwriter who is of what vocal range?
What store has an anchor at Twelve Oaks Mall and also has an outlet that anchors Twelve Mile Crossing at Fountain Walk?
What book of the Bible talks about the third central religious space for Jews after Solomon's Temple and the rebuilt Second Temple?
What type of music does the singer of Whatever the Road sing?
Which man who went into space was born first, Dirk Frimout or Franz Viehböck?
Who is one of the actors of the show that Mathew Horne appeared on?
Which of Hengshui and Fengcheng, Jiangxi has more people?
Samantha Munro was cast as which actress/producer, known for her role as Prue Halliwell in "Charmed"?
What musical profession did Milo Aukerman and Koshi Inaba have in common?
What country of origin do the works of Christopher Corey Smith and High School DxD have in common?
Which band released the song "I Love You (Miss Robot)" and has music that includes musical elements and influences of disco, punk, progressive rock and 1960s pop music?
A song that was performed in Danish was performed by what type of music group at the Eurovision Song Contest in 1982?
To what "Fair Youth of Shakespeare's Sonnets" did Shakespeare dedicate his narrative poem about the legendary Lucretia?
What country do both Marston, Cheshire and Anderton Boat Lift reside?
Which suitcase manufacturer is named after a Peruvian artifact and has a store in an urban shopping mall in Time Warner Center in Manhattan?
Which of the following films presents a survey of the history of the comic book in America: Beyond Hatred or Comic Book Confidential?
Is Taste of Home of Model Railroader more likely to contain cooking articles?
What is the parent company of the news company that Keith Jones works for?
In what airport is the largest airline in Canada?
Şahan Arzruni was an ethnic Armenian classical pianist whereas Shavo Odadjian was known for what?
The singer whose debut single was "I Love College" makes a guest appearance on what Dom Kennedy album?
What position in MLB did the first winner of the Pacific Coast League Manager of the Year Award play?
What actor starred in the 2000 film 'The Way of the Gun' along with a costar who won an Academy Award for his portrayal of a police officer in the movie 'Traffic'?
What city lies on the northern border of the city that administers Changfeng County?
A. J. Francis played football for the team that represents what university?
Who was elected President of Liberia after Bayjay won song of the year in 2005? Ellen Johnson Sirleaf?
What weekly newsmagazine is published in the capital and largest city of Peru?
Who formed the rival group to the Argentinian group founded by a President of Argentina overthrown in a "coup d'état"?
How many pitches was the Major League Baseball player, who spent his entire career with the Houston Astros and ranked sixth in national league history in games played, hit by?
What is the nationality of the band that released the song "5/4"?
Which magazine is still in circulation, Look or Woman's Home Companion?
John Gatins was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Original Screenplay for a movie directed by who?
What Little Village member was characterized as "the leading session drummer in America"?
Stefan Mokrzecki was once a member of armed forces of what republic that was created in 1920?
Did Scott Draper or Kevin Curren play more sports?
Life of the Party was co-written by which actress and comedian?
The UNL produced what type of football player to be signed by the Washington Redskins?
What is the name of this American lawyer and politician who served as United States Senator from Pennsylvania, who surpassed Boies Penrose's record for the longest serving senator?
Rips the Covers Off was an album by the hard rock band formed in what year?
Which game has had more publishers, Arkham Horror or Polarity?
Which city is the birthplace of Jonas Coe Heartt and has a population of 1,170,483?
Who directed the surrealist short film which featured French actress Simone Mareuil?
In which German federal state was did Walter Schlesinger born?
In what year did the fourth child of Chaplin perform in a movie in which she played the role of her own paternal grandmother?
In what year did the children's park where "Blue Flyer" is located open?
What Portugese poet popularized the concept of the Fifth Empire?
Are Elia Suleiman and Lamont Johnson both American film directors?
Which one is the most cold-hardy palms in the world, Halimodendron or Rhapidophyllum?
Besides acting in an Indian sports drama film in 2017, what other artistic skill does Sadhana Singh have?
A former Football captain of the largest co-educational, open-entry and boarding school in Melbourne, Australia was once acquitted of what serious crime?
Which mine creased production first, Colomac Mine and Con Mine?
When was the massacre occured in which "kyáiyótokan" was a survivor?
David Wildstein was a director overseeing the Port Authority in what two states does it have jurisdiction?
Who played more instruments in their respective bands, Heidi Newfield or Roger Waters?
What is the year of the person who was born first, Jessie Fauset or Claude McKay?
What book about swine was written by the author of Pacala?
Who starred in a 2013 film which inspired by events in council house in England from 1977 to 1979?
Hawaii Route 31 begins in at an intersection with Hawaii Routes 310 and 311 in a census-designated place with at the 2010 census a population of what?
What award was won in 2009 by the band that had an English musician who was born on 28 August 1986?
The retailer who owns the brand Victoria's Secret is based in what city?
The Centro Intercultural de Documentacion was fonded by a Croatian-Austrian philosopher who also held what title in the Roman Catholic church?
What is the state in which Gordon Hayward was selected by the Utah Jazz as the ninth overall pick in the 2010 NBA draft?
Does Fallopia or Punica feature more species of flowering plants?
What settlement in the Fens of Eastern England is located on Forty Foot Drain?
What other game is comparable to Theatrix but uses playing cards as its randomiser?
Which midsize car of 1973 to 2005 used a shared platform with Pontiac 6000?
The Chicago Statement on Biblical Inerrancy a stement on Biblical Imerracy was formulated with an American who was best known for eastblishing what community in Switzerland?
What American Filmmaker is Godfrey Ho compared to?
Between The All-American Rejects and Chvrches, which band has Lauren Mayberry as its lead vocalist?
Which Disney character besides the one introduced in 1932 appeared next to the character which had famous cartoons between 1928 and 1953?
What is the middle name of the lead singer on the song "Wasted Time"?
Where did The Road to Oz characters, sky princess Polychrome and Dorothy Gale meet?
Fred Mundee, an American football center, attended a public high school in Youngstown, Ohio that closed following which school year?
Who is older, Buster Bloodvessel or Barney Greenway?
Who is known to fill more roles, C. J. Ramone or Iggy Pop?
What were the final components of Greek spirits that controlled the fate of souls?
James Patrick Caviezel played the role of "Edmond Dantès" in a movie directed by who?
The California Amtrak station located on West Fifth and Orange streets is used by a passenger train that began operation in what year?
What countries heritage does Gregory Lomayesva draw imagery and ideas from in his works?
Which magazine established itself as a cradle of New Journalism, St. Anthony Messenger or New York?
Assuming both are still alive, which tennis player would be the oldest out of Tomáš Šmíd and Conchita Martínez?
Are Věra Chytilová and Gabriel Pascal both film directors?
Which book was published first, "Cloud's Rider" or "Cyteen"?
Lawrence Ferlinghetti and A. R. Ammons both were know for what type of writing?
You Got the Silver is a song from the album released in what month?
The Gamers: Dorkness Rising is a sequel to the cult film produced by what independent movie company?
Are both Wilkes-Barre/Scranton International Airport and Yellowstone Regional Airport used to ferry passengers l?
How is Dream Team member Robert Kardashian connected to the series "Keeping Up with the Kardashians"?
Régional Compagnie Aérienne Européenne is a subsidiary of an airline carrier that has its corporate headquarters at what location?
What empire did the a Korean kingdom defeat in 1231?
Who starred in a film with the Penthouse Pet for June 2001?
David Campbell is the son of a singer born on which day?
What is the nationality of the actor who worked alongside Glynis Johns and Richard Davalos in the horror film 'The Cabinet of Caligari' and was also nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor for the 1954 film 'Adventures of Robinson Crusoe'?
What genre did the heavy metal band switch to in their career?
Who is the Right handed batsman from a port city in the Gironde department in southwestern France?
After transferring from the University of Southern California, Rocky Hinds was the starting quarterback for a college team that is a member of what conference?
Before reuniting in Pain & Gain, what kind of former athletes were Dwayne Johnson and Kurt Angle?
Which comes later: the day that Aden was born, or the day that IMG re-launched its men's division after its dismantling?
On what day was Robert Kardashian's first wife born?
The man voted Favorite Pop-Culture Werewolf of All Time in 2011 also stars in an upcoming film directed by who?
Who was younger, Arthur Rankin Jr. or Jules Bass?
The Garand carbine was created by a man with what nationality?
Who was the assistant coach for the 2014 FIFA World Cup winning team?
What is the population of the city that has the basilica that The Basilica of St. Josaphat was modeled after?
Operation "Greif" was a special operation during a battle where which forces incurred their highest casualties of any operation during the war?
What is the area of the State where Dwite Pederson is a state senator?
Which student of Plato was a traditional astrologer?
What is name of the company that resulted from the merging of Cheung Kong Limited and a Fortune Global 500 investment holding company based in Hong Kong?
What university is located more north of the the other, the German University in Cairo or the University of Pretoria?
Vlezenbeek is the home of what family brewery?
Who has McGruff works alongside who started with the hip hop trio, Three the Hard Way?
What automobile was developed in 1911 in the capital of Connecticut?
What is one song from Almost Alice that was based on a Hookah-Smoking being from Lewis Carrolls book Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Hugh Pelham's PhD was supervised by which British biochemist and molecular physiologist, who was awarded the 2001 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine?
Are Adenium and Evolvulus native to the same continents?
What is the title of this mockumentary film that Fred Willard, Christopher Guest, and Rob Reiner were involved with?
Which beacon is located 2.5 miles south of Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire?
What family of aircraft include an AIDS print button and can accomodate up to 220 passengers?
The New London School explosion killed 295 people, How many died from the Texas City disaster?
Are Carnegie Mellon University and Pokhara University both located in the United States?
What type of Bourbon is manufactured at the Old Oscar Pepper Distillery by the Brown Forman Corporation?
David Rhys Williams wrote about what theory that Marlowe was the author of Shakespeare plays?
Which American neo-noir science fiction has Pierce Gagnon starred?
What was the occupation of the person that wrote the famous speech published by Ruprecht in 1946?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Agnès Varda or Jim Henson?
What is the 2016 census population of the city which creates the eastern boarder where Armenians in Russia are found?
Rocky IV co-starred the actor who was involved in what other sport besides boxing?
What do FPT University in Vietnam and University of Delaware have in common?
Paul Lauterbur shared the Nobel Prize in Physiology with the physicist who was of what nationality?
"Hollywood" was a rock song made famous by which band headed by the Irish musician and singer songwriter Dolores O'Riordan?
What American teams did one of Xu Yongs competitors play for?
The writer of the music for the song ”There are seven that pull the thread” was appointed Master of the King's Musick in what year?
Selma was based on the marches led by which minister and leader of the civil rights movement?
Which genus has more species, Pseudolarix or Epithelantha?
Renhuai and Laixi are both what?
Blake Edwards and Robert Altman were both famous directors of which nationality?
Rhythm & Drums is the first studio album by a trance duo who hail from which city in Germany?
Lake Simcoe was renamed by the first Governor of Canada located where in modern times?
Who produced the Green Day album made while Bill Schneider was their day to day manager?
Where is Taishanese the dominant divergent of Cantonese phonology most spoken in North America?
Are Southwest Oregon Regional Airport and Minot International Airport both in the US?
What ideology is opposed by a british political party which stems from a branch of the men's liberation movement of the early 1970s?
The logarithmic spiral was investigated by the mathematician who was a proponent of which branch of mathematics?
Which game has more variations Ghosts or Capitol?
Which House Majority Leader from 1989 to 1995 did Donald J. Gralike lose to in 1976?
Are EMF and Boyce Avenue both rock bands?
Frank Monte was a member of what criminal organization?
The album by Silver Jews featuring an American musician best known for being the lead singer in Pavement was recorded where in Brooklyn?
What type of period does Modern Drummer and PC Gamer have in common?
Which Disney movie had the voices of more movie stars, Frankenweenie or Piglet's Big Movie?
The player who was apart of the first English team to win the league title and FA Cup is the current television pundit for what company?
Which genus has more species, Waratah or Galanthus?
In what area did the Cyclones Pam and Orson occure?
Jarrett/Favre Motorsports was owned by Dale Jarrett and another who was a veteran of what?
Which city does this American hip hop recording artist born in 1981 who performed with Shane Dollar come from?
What did the man who died 23 March 1981 ride in the 1967 Isle of Man Tourist Trophy?
Why was a figure skating competition, meeting in a sports center that could accommodate 7,000 seats, delayed?
By what percentage did the population of the town where where Lexicon Pharmaceuticals is located increase by from 2000 to 2014?
Which cricketer is the younger brother of Jack Lindwall and played top-flight rugby league football with St. George?
Which trademark symbol of Marquesan tattoos often serve to mark the boundaries of sacred or significant sites?
What do Angela Carter and Josephine Tey have in common?
Which Chinese city has more inhabitants, Gejiu or Dujiangyan City?
The 2010 Chicago Cubs season was the 95th played at which stadium on the North Side of Chicago?
The English man who influenced Zbigniew Brzezinski had what occupations?
Which brand sponsored the competition that Reggina Calcio was re-promoted to?
Which film was released first, The Living Desert or Angels in the Outfield?
Which computer was released first, the Orao or the Mattel Aquarius?
Guy Mezger holds wins over which former Dutch kickboxer?
Which mine was established earlier, Murray Brook Mine or Temagami-Lorrain Mine?
Collen Kay Hutchins won the crown for Miss America 1952, what is the city it was held in known for?
Which Indian singer sang a wedding-themed Punjabi dance song based on the classic folk song "Chitta Kukkad Banere Te" and also featured on the reality show, Indian Idol?
Which Montana county has a county seat with a population of 1,893 at the 2010 census?
Mouni Roy was a contestant on the Indian version of what show?
The Red River Showdown and the State Fair Classic football games are both played in what stadium during the State Fair of Texas in October?
When was the Italian composer died who is Marcel Maas repertoire except Bach to the moderns?
How many constituencies did this British statesman, army officer, and writer represent who authorized the covert organization British Security Co-ordination in New York?
The thirteenth episode of "The Simpsons"' seventh season features a president who was Vice President of the US during what years?
Roehrig Motorsports entered into a partnership in 1999 with the track athlete who was famous for what two sports?
What is the name of the movie and the year of the last project Gary Wayne Goldman and Don Bluth worked on together?
Who was the American Baptist pastor, and former president of Maranatha Baptist Bible College involved in a sex scandal involving the rape of a minor at Trinity Baptist Church in Concord, New Hampshire?
The filmmaker for Law and Disorder in Philadelphia holds citizenship where?
What video game is a roguelike game devloped by ChaosForge and is a science fiction horror-themed first person shooter?
When was the English zoo owner that founded The Aspinall Foundation born?
Noel King was appointed interim senior manager after the resignation of a footballer who participated in what FIFA World Cup?
Are Chris Corner and Joe Walsh both guitarists?
The two children of Cassius Marcellus Clay Sr. and Odessa Grady Clay was a three-time World Heavyweight Champion and who?
Which Canadian star of The Believer who has been dubbed over in French by Alexandre Gillet?
Do Eddie Mekka and Richard G. Hovannisian come from America?
Besides heart of Stone, what other works was Zach Braff working on in 2010?
Are Calochortus and Carludovica both native to the United States?
Shea Kerry played the role of Steve in Dark Honeymoon, which starred Roy Scheider from a 1971 American crime thriller directed by who?
Findlater Castle was redesigned to resemble a castle located near what Scottish village?
The Lahore Eagles' home ground was constructed by who?
What prospect did CO Les Ulis developed, who was born on December 5 1995?
How much area does the Lutheran church located in Ulm, Germany covers?
Are both Oxalis and Ledebouria able to be found in parts of Africa?
What was the name of the movie adapted from a book written Larry Buttrose, that was the story of a person that was accidentally separated from their mother at age 5, adopted, and then reunited with their biological mother 25 years later?
Which plant, Chionodoxa or Eriosyce, is native to more countries?
What nationality is the father for the author of "Mary Barton"?
What two stars were in a film that tells the story of Cuban refugee Tony Montana and a 1991 romantic comedy?
In 1945, Pittsburgh Coal Company merged with what American energy company that is headquartered in Cecil Township, outside PIttsburgh, Pennsylvania?
Which of the following films was made by Maximilian Schell: Marlene or Art Is... The Permanent Revolution?
In which state other than Oklahoma and Kansas, does this tribe of native Americans whose Kansas census-designated place (CDP) is in Brown County, Kansas live?
What do Tay Walker and Mac Miller have in common?
Which dark fantasy film was directed by the upcoming director of the film "Carnival"?
The Wende Museum is an educational institute in a city with what population as of the 2010 census?
What is the setting for the show in which Joel Tobeck plays the demon Baal?
Eric Harrison is best known as the youth coach of an iconic group of players including Gary Neville at which Premier League club?
What is the name of this Australian indie rock group, whose debut album was "The Positions" and debut extended play was "Let Me Be Clear"?
Who defeated the team coached by Urban Meyer in 2006?
Which Audi vehicle debuted first, the Audi Steppenwolf or the Audi TT?
Southwest Airlines Flight 1763 left which primary commercial airport serving Las Vegas?
Adam Mickiewicz Museum, Istanbul and Sinan Erdem Dome are both located where in Istanbul?
Where does the team play that Brad Fox played for that is a part of the WAFL?
Brian Kibler worked on a Danish trading card game that expanded into what type of game in America?
Who was the Pakistani People's Party founder died at the age of 87 via execution?
Which American comedian and actor born in 1952 made a cameo in the movie Comedian?
What is the major service/product output of this city in the Indian state of Kerala where the headquarters of Kerala Fire And Rescue Services are located?
When was the gurudwara situated in a second grade municipality in the Ramanathapuram district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu built?
Which of the stars accompanied by Annette Bryn Parri to Opera was born 9 November 1965?
What is the birthdate of this American professional basketball player who lat played for Miami Heat and followed Jim Brewer at Proviso East?
At some point, did Inked and Sporting News have print magazines?
Which species appears in areas more westernly, Cleistocactus or Rhynchostylis?
Greyabbey is 7mi south of the civil parish in what Northern Irish county?
Are both magazines, Cookie and Damernas Värld, still being published today?
Who has more scope of profession, Annie Haslam or Dicky Barrett?
Where did the author of the novel "Beat the Devil" live?
What American singer-songwriter who is regarded as one of the most significant figures in American folk music inspired Jim Abel?
Who release more albums, The Sundays or The White Tie Affair?
Who lived longer: Achille-Claude Debussy or Charles Louis Ambroise Thomas?
For which opera was the teacher of Der Bärenhäuter best known?
Ron Arthun is a member of what 150 member group?
Aside from an author, what was the profession of the man who Joseph Paul Franklin based his novel "Hunter" on?
The music of the video game "Final Fantasy VI" was composed by which Japanese composer?
What is the status of Latourell, Oregon located west of the Columbia River Gorge now comparedto it's peak in the 1880's?
Which co-founder of Instagram was born December 30, 1983?
What was the nationality of the designer of The Tesla coil?
MTV Africa Music Awards 2014 featured a performance by which Moroccan-American hip hop artist?
Who coined the phrase "There's a sucker born every minute" and was the basis of an American musical?
What band did Josh Silver perform with that was formed in Brooklyn, New York in 1989?
Both Bill Ponsford and Bill Woodfull played what?
Which former professional racing driver is now the Executive Director of McLaren Technology Group?
What vehicle produced by General Motors from 1962 to 2002 did testers feel was a more roadworthy car as compared to the Ford Thunderbird?
What interstate does Interstate 15 cross after Butte, Montana?
Which was the first World Series where games were played outside the United States?
Who replaced the chairman of the AFL Commission who started in 2007?
Who is the captain of the football club that had its eighth season in 2014 and had a one-year partnership with USL outfit Wilmington Hammerheads?
Where is the corporation based that Georgia-Pacific is now a subsidiary of?
To what fictional alien race does the villain of the film Guardians of the Galaxy belong?
Which was founded first, Virginia Commonwealth University or Batangas State University?
Jagdgeschwader 54 was piloted by the fighter ace of what nationality during World War II?
In what city was Ryan Richards drafted by the Spurs?
Between Shades of Gray is the debut novel by a writer whose work in published in how many languages?
Who is the only constant member of the band behind "Epitome of Turture"?
Which of these programs has already launched, Astron or James Webb Space Telescope?
Which canal was completed first, Dundee Canal or Cascade Locks and Canal?
What is the real first name of the DJ who compiled the album FabricLive.24?
What is the hometown of one of the writers of "Jam Up and Jelly Tight"?
What was the population in 2016 of the city where Walter Fellows was born?
What was the population of the city in 2010 where Chelsea Pub & Inn is located?
What occupation do Peter Hyams and Miklós Jancsó have in common?
Who made their debut single "hey Mami" and had records released by a co-founder of Trekky Records?
In what anthology was Mushishi serialized that each issue typically has around thirty ongoing stories?
What is the abbreviation of the military entity the Saint Patrick's Battalion fought as?
A traditional Norwegian dessert made by mixing cloudberries with whipped cream and sugar is often served with something that is literally translated to "wreath cake" or served with what else?
Are the Tenterfield Terrier and the American Staffordshire Terrier both medium sized dogs?
Does Eugene Onegin have more acts than From the House of the Dead?
Warriors of the Storm is the ninth historical novel in a book series that was adapted to TV by which network?
Which NYC skyscraper was designed by the architectural firm of Napoleon LeBrun & Sons: SNCI Tower or Metropolitan Life Insurance Company Tower?
What is the birthdate of this Vice-Chancellor of the Australian National University, who was also part of the High-Z Supernova Search Team?
Can everyone visit the only Canadian archaeological site of the indigenous Iroquoian-speaking people that were located the furthest west of the Six Nations?
On Sturdays from 4:00-6:00pm, the Hip Hop Shop had open mic contests hosted by a rapper killed during an altercation at what nightclub?
Which nationality is shared between George Adomian and Aram Avakian?
The 2013 OSN Cup was held at the stadium that has what nickname?
On which mission did the TPS graduate after which the Onizuka Prop Wash Award is named successfully fly into space?
What is the name of The Money Maze's host's son?
What was the job of the Patricia Franca's character in a 1999 Brazilian drama film?
The Other Love starred the English actor who played what role in "Around the World in 80 Days"?
The Brooklyn Nets is part of what association?
Who first appeared in the first novel in the "Harry Potter" series?
A speaker at VIESHA won an Academy Award for what 1969 film?
What city was the birthplace of the German physicist for which Hund's coupling cases in the spectroscopy of diatomic molecules are name for?
What is the release year of this American science fiction film written and directed by Richard Kelly that included the song "Mad World", recorded by Gary Jules and Michael Andrews?
What city of origin does Ermine Street and Lindum Colonia have in common?
What NBA veteran was a 2005 all star along with his team mates Steven Nash and Shawn Marion?
The rides for the Warrington sister park to Gulliver's Kingdom have been designed for children of what age?
What Chief Justice served during the Supreme Court decision for the case cited as 17 U.S. 316?
Which singer has more careers in other industries, Bruce Dickinson or Robert Pollard?
Hurricane Irma and Hurricane Wilma we're which category of hurricane at their strongest?
When was the American actress and singer born who has roles in both "Project X" (2012), and Pitch Perfect?
Which competition did the 2 miss USA pageant participants from Missouri participate in that did not belong to their home state?
What university in the Netherlands is also home to the editor in chief of the scientific journal Global and Planetary Change?
George Herbert Jose was a canon of what cathedral in South Australia?
What is the original name of the person who made Lagrange's theorem?
What is the name of the culture cultivated in the area of Duncan Farm and Golden Eagle?
Jeff Bauman was the subject of a drama film directed by whom?
Who is the father of the author of The Trump Card: Playing to Win in Work and Life?
What highest Nazi award did Karl-Heinrich Brenner earn?
Tulips and Bergenia are native to what part of the world?
Oh No in 1981 was whose last hit with the band he'd been with since 1968, before his successful solo career?
Martin Elbourne had her first job here, what grade was the House listed as?
Which composition is the founder of Salt Records best known for?
Which team in the 2011–12 NHL season defeated the team that defeated the Philadelphia Flyers?
The Thrill of It All starred which actor born in 1928?
What footballer, born March 16 1989, scored a goal in the 2015 FA Cup Final?
Which magazine has a larger target audience, Woman's Viewpoint or Women's Running?
Starman is owned by what company that used to be known as HPY HTF?
What state was the father of James S. Harlan from?
Myosotis is a genus of the Boraginaceae family, whereas Dypsis is a genus of which family?
Which hospital has served their community longer, Howard University Hospital or Walter Reed Army Medical Center?
Simple Kid and Hozier are both musical artists from what country?
Ernest Davies' successor was born on what date?
For what is the sand of the beach near where the sloop Nancy was launched in 1803 famous?
What girl group did the backing vocals artist in the song "Horn OK Please" come to prominence in?
Bob Acres is a character from a play by a satirist who passed away in which year?
James Cruze and Juan Escobedo both lived where?
Ferrari's 488 was introduced to replace what European sports car?
Maulana Ndabezitha Karenga co-founded the black nationalism and social change organization US with the cousin of who?
How tall is the highest point of the mountain ridge that bounds Broad Top plateau to the east?
What is the height of the only member of Miami Heat who was selected for the 1998 NBA All-Star Game?
What film was directed by Peter MacDonald and also a Hollywood blockbuster like 2014 American superhero film based on Marvel Comics?
Which Eon film that stars Sean Connery as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond, features two James Bond villains that are known for trading quips after killing their targets appear?
Lance Edward "Lem" Massey, the only child of Walter Griffith Massey and Florence Lance Massey, was a native of a city in and the count seat of what county?
Which 2017 American television film stars an actress who also appeared in "Private Parts", "Annie" and "Blind Date"?
Which Air Force Base is located in Biloxi, Mississippi, and isthe home of the 403d Wing?
Which American actor is best known for portraying Julian Sark on the ABC television series "Alias"?
Who is older, Dan Andriano or Hansi Kürsch?
How many people were injured by the tornado that destroyed Plaza Towers Elementary School?
What is the original name of the stadium that hosted the MLB team that finished the 2011 season with an 81-81 record, good enough for fourth place in the American League East?
Was the documentary film "Meru" released in the same year as "All Aboard! Rosie's Family Cruise"?
What was the person in the tribute song by Toby Keith, in the album American ride known for?
Under who's coaching tenure was the team Cornell Big Red lost to in 2009-10 to end their season?
Wayman Tisdale played college basketball at the university taht is in what conference?
Some Heads Are Gonna Roll was originally released on the album that has received what RIAA designation?
How often were the games who the Arrephoros worked to prepare the peplos for held?
When was Bob Dylan's second album released and in what year did he write the most popular song on it?
Simon Rumley worked with an Italian-Australian actress who won an Emmy Award in 1996 for her portrayal of what character?
The score for Frankie and Johnny was composed by a composer who has won what collection of four awards?
Noah Galloway was a contestant on the 20th season of a tv show that premiered on what date?
Who directed the film which Jiaban de Tianshi was shooting while she recorded track 10 on her first album?
What is the nationality of the male star of Bounce?
Which actress met the prime minister of Gordon at the head quarters of the government of the United Kingdom whose debut album is named faryl released in 2009?
The basketball player Jam On has featured was born on what date?
In what Maryland county is there both White Harsh Mall and Golden Ring Mall?
Where is the headquarters for the publisher of cd-rom today?
Terry Jones was a member of this comedy group whos sketch comedy show first aired on what channel in this year?
Where was the host of On the Road Again born?
What War was raging when H.H. Asquith was in office?
Which poet is older, Robert Frost or Paul Scott?
Luke Dawson is an US-American screenwriter who wrote The Lazarus Effect, a supernatural science fiction horror film directed by who?
In what year was one of the inventors of the board game "Source of the Nile" born?
The Grohl Sessions, Vol. 1 is by a band based in what city?
Name the songwriter from San Francisco who operates the Art of Ears Studio and who worked with the lead vocalist for the hip hop group Digital Underground?
When was the footballer who played forward for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur awarded Best Footballer in Asia?
The singles title at the 1987 Lorraine Open was won by a player whose career high ranking was at what number?
In terms of franchise value, what rank are the 2009 NBA champions?
Which originates farther north, Sabueso Español or Australian Kelpie?
What is the middle name of the actor who plays Blade Runner 2049 character Sapper Morton?
The monoplane called Pucara, was used by what?
In which year was this Swedish avant-garde metal band formed, whose founding members include Johannes Bergion?
What North Dakota politician went to the college who's current president is Sabah Randhawa?
Robert Langdon's films based on Dan Brown's novels were released in a different chronological order than the novels, though the last movies released was also the last book released. Which book was it?
When was the Rob Renzetti the supervising producer for Gravity Falls?
Which theatre was designed after the bra of the "Queen of Pop"?
John Meillon played the part of Walter Reilly in the films set in which two locations?
What month was the release of the 2012 documentary film about the major news story that involved the assault, rape, and sodomy of Trisha Meili?
Peter Lawler lived where during his time as a professor at Berry College?
Which Greek-American actor portrayed a fictional character on NBC's Days of Our Lives?
Who is the eldest son of the republican rival of Governor Bill Clinton of Arkansas in the 1992 presidential election?
Khalid al-Aruri is married to a sister of what man sometimes known as Shaykh of the slaughterers?
Which is a journal, Madame Figaro or Rabotnitsa?
Which singer is also a filmmaker, Ronnie Radke or David McWane?
What was in the collection of Trail Blazers which belonged to an American retired basketball player and television sportscaster who born on November 5, 1952?
Who is the founder of Care Australia and 22nd Australian Prime Minister?
Robert Rankin wrote a novel based on what painting, housed in the Museo del Prado in Madrid since 1939?
Brookhaven High School has, as an alum, which player who went to Ohio State?
What characteristic of Munchkin cats is due to osteochondrodysplasia?
Barry Cook was the co-director for the 2011 3D animated film produced by which companies?
Who is older Frances-Anne Solomon or Vincent McEveety?
When did the cover athlete for the video game NHL 12 win the Maurice Richard Trophy?
5 Minutes Alone is a song from the Pantera album released on what date?
Which of these directors is younger? Wolfgang Becker or Henry Jaglom?
Which authority will partly control the Operation Sinaloa?
Which Evening in Byzantium star also appeared on the situation comedy "Silver Spoons"?
Edwin Lee Wells won a championship in 1932 between the American League (AL) champion team and whom?
Are Eleanor's Secret and Killer Bean Forever both Italian films?
Cindy O'Callaghan played Carrie Rawlins in a 1971 British-American musical fantasy film that was based upon books by who?
In which city was the boxing match documented in "When We Were Kings", by Leon Gast, held?
Are the recent films Chasing Coral and Sharkwater both concerned with marine conservation?
What was the birthplace of the vocalist who was featured on the arabic version of the Jefferson Airplane's second top-10 success?
What is cut out of the song in the 2008 Frank Sinatra compilation album that was performed by Liza Minneli in the movie of the same name?
What has a larger popoulation: Zhangqiu District or Yumen City?
Which mountain peak was explored first, Sunanda Devi or Annapurna II?
Did Elia Kazan and Peter Szewczyk both count film directing among their many skills?
When was the brother of Chris James born?
The 2017 South Africa Quadrangular Series matches were held at which Potchefstroom park?
Where was the interment of the authors of the fair tale"Little Brother and Little Sister"?
Which opera has more acts, Mireille or Der Zwerg?
Which play, set in Ancient Britain, was created by Shakespeare?
In 2009, what Bowl did the University that calls their home football field Memorial Stadium play in?
Leo Sidran co-produced "Al Otro Lado Del Rio" for the soundtrack to a movie about what man?
Which Dutch philosopher of Sephardi/Portuguese origin made a contribution in conatus?
Who owns the two adjacent buildings at which the APRA Music Awards of 2013 were held?
Robert Lang was invited to join the new National Theatre Company by an English actor born in what year?
A Hawaiian party named after the taro leaf was tradiotionally eaten where?
In what year was the writer of "Cabbages and Kings" born?
SpongeBob's Truth or Square was released on the date that the video game was released as the second in the line for which game console?
The Simpson's episode "Das Bus" is a parody of a novel by what author?
What military force did Rosemary Pratt's husband serve in?
Are Sembene! and Seoul Train both documentaries?
Syosset Central School District and Jericho Union Free School District are both located in what county?
When was the last team that Carlos Ruiz played for founded?
Which magazine contains more articles about topics of interest to religious women, New! or The American Jewess?
What episode of "The Simpsons" did the co-creator of the animated series "The Critic" write first?
Toy Story 3 and The Apple Dumpling Gang Rides Again are both what kind of movie?
Are the bands Flow and Against the Current from the same country?
Are both the University of Massachusetts Amherst and Bilkent University located in the United States?
Ishita Dutta is the sister of an actress who is typically cast in what genre of movies?
What award did the start of Call Out the Marines win in 1935?
Which motorcycling magazine was founded in 1962 and listed the ZX-10R bike as "Best Superbike" in 2004?
What emperor of Austria was Stéphanie Windisch-Graetz descended from?
Are both Royal Blood and Holly McNarland involved in the music industry?
Who is the Radiohead's main producer and creator of the music webseries "From the Basement"?
Which movie starring Aneurin Barnard was directed by Christopher Nolan?
Where did Joe Overstreet work that also played an important part in the Black Arts Movement?
Antispila isabella is a species of moth found in what 15th US state?
Which National Park includes the features Red Eagle Mountain and Going-to-the-Sun Road?
Are both magazines, InStyle and Al Jamila, published in the US?
What are some of the characteristics of Champale because it is a Malt liquor?
In what way is Pierre Morel different than Harry Lachman?
Abdi Warsame is of what heritage, the first of which people came to the US in the 1920s?
When was the president died during who's presidency The Dance of the Forty-One scandal occurred?
When nationalism developed as a concept what was it the aim to end?
Frank Spraggon played for which team Formed in 1876?
What great boxer formerly known as Cassius Clay along with American former professional boxer and commentator trained at Gleason's Gym?
What fruit are the oroblanco and the pomelo similar to?
What actor who was in Sixteen candles is also in the romantic comedy Results?
In what county is a structure, known in Irish as a "caislean" and regarded as a National Monument, located?
Eucraera koellikerii is a moth that lives in which country whose population makes up large diverse communities like European, Asian, and multiracial groups?
Which poet was born first, Charles Bukowski or Russell Edson?
Which band reach the highest uk successful album Morcheeba or The The?
Air, an album by Cecil Taylor, features which performer born in Idabel, Oklahoma?
Are both Sandon Stolle and Elizabeth Smylie still playing professional tennis?
Which American actress who made their film debut in the 1995 teen drama "Kids" was the co-founder of Voto Latino?
Were GridIron Master and Careers first manufactured/published by different companies?
Who is the person who's autobiography was written by Gina Smith and was nicknamed "The Woz"?
The 2017 Albany Great Danes football team will represent what public research university with campisus in Albany, Guilderland, and where else?
Who directed the film "Nobody Rides For Free" was taken from?
What is the family of brands with a hotel in Istanbul Old City that operates in 52 countries?
Which genus contains more members, Globba or Platanus?
What did Harley Brinsfield do that paved the way for Subway?
What group's Classic Five period was the singer of Me 'N Rock 'N Roll Are Here To Stay a member of?
Which major station lies almost exactly 300 miles north of London on the West Coast Main Line?
What was the musical genre of the Greatest Hits compilation?
Who played a Russian-American talent agent in the film This Year's Blonde?
Konnichiwa was launched in a broadcast that was streamed by the platform that was founded in what city in 2010?
Which composer was born first, Maurice Ravel or Béla Bartók?
What year did Nikolay Oleshev command the 113th Rifle Corps during the Baltic Strategic Offensive?
Giorgio Moroder produced a hit record for the American singer who gained prominence in what era of the 1970s?
Where is most of the compound used in the topical application of magnesium found in North America?
Which composer is older, Alessandro Scarlatti or Philip Glass?
The 904th Expeditionary Air Refueling Squadron was last assigned at a base which closed in which year?
What is the name of this region of New South Wales, Austrialia, whose coalfield was discovered by Edgeworth David?
Lakewood Ranch is a master planned community in a country that has how many states?
In what year was the governor of Maine who vetoed six times the expansion of Medicaid eligibility under the terms of the Affordable Care Act born?
What country of origin does Fire and Daniel Baldwin have in common?
After which Australian potato farmer was "Cliff Young Australian 6-day race" renamed?
Why is it fitting "Marchesa Casati" was painted by Augustus John?
Kete Krachi is the district capital of what region?
In what year was the director of "Before the Revolution" born?
Did Darren Hayes and Fred Durst release more than one album in their respective bands?
The Singleton Argus published what kind of newspaper in Singleton, New South Wales?
Were Seven Mary Three and INXS both American rock bands?
Who directed the 1975 British-American musical screwball comedy horror film to which "Shock Treatment" Is a follow-up film?
What is the birthday of the running back that U.S Route 34 in Illinois is named after?
Girwa is a tehsil with its headquarters located in which major city in the Indian state of Rajasthan?
Matthias Verreth currently plays as a winger for a sports club which is one of the country's what?
Have John Dufresne and Mario Vargas Llosa both won awards for their work?
Where does the baseball team Frank Luce played for currently play their home games?
Which city in Middlesex County is Magyar Bank based in?
Powder Room is a film that stars an actress of what nationality?
What is an example of a film with Carmen Ejogo that was a critical disappointment?
Are Cindy Baer and Alfred E. Green both directors?
Nature's Symphony in 432 is an album by a group that performs in what genre?
How far away is the headquarters of the Eastern Air Defense Sector from Panama City, Florida?
International air carrier Air Tahiti Nui has its head offices located at the airport like which regional French airline company which operates in French Polynesia, France?
What famous pioneer frontiersman was born in Oley Township, Berks County, Pennsylvania?
What industry is the company for which the home field of the Great Falls Voyagers is named part of?
Are Birmingham–Shuttlesworth International Airport and Fernando Luis Ribas Dominicci Airport located in the same state?
What is the capital city of Jujuy Province in northwest Argentina where Mario Humberto Lobo is born?
Which "Parks and Recreation" and "Legion" actor will star in an upcoming American comedy film directed by Jim Hosking?
Oliver Chace was affiliated with companies such as the Pocasset Manufacturing Company in what century?
What number in the series was Dark Souls III after Demon's Souls?
Singer-songwriter Silinder Padres is from what country?
Is James Cunningham or Ken Hughes British?
Who is the guitarist/songwriter of the band who does the song "Hemorrhage (In My Hands)"?
Which band was formed first, Radiohead or My Morning Jacket?
The largest fairground located in La in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana hosts a centre alongside another centre, which is most popular due to what?
The Treaty of Fort Harmar was an agreement between the United States government and numerous Native American tribes with claims to what post-AMerican revolutionary War territory northwest of the River Ohio, and that legally existed from July 13 1787 until March 1, 1803?
Who has the most awards, Isabel Allende or Jane Smiley?
Which German composer used cyclic forms in their pieces?
Are Sigurd Wongraven and Stevie Ray Vaughan both guitarists?
What is the population of one of the towns that Watervliet previously encompassed?
Which Romanian footballer played for Petrolul Ploiesti and is a higher scorer than the all-time scorer for Steaua?
What performances besides the one in a pastoral comedy by WIlliam Shakespeare believed to be written in 1599 has Julia Nelson acted in?
Since what year has the team for which Luís Figo won 127 caps been in competition?
Which of the following novelists is known for writing about sexuality and emotional health: Gail Godwin or D. H. Lawrence?
From what country is the player who won the 36th Toulon Tournament?
What stereotypes provide the personas for Frito Bandito and Speedy Gonzales?
The Spiderwick Chronicles is a 2008 American fantasy adventure film starring which Canadian-American actor and comedian who won a Tony Award in 1999 for his lead performance in a Broadway revival of "Little Me"?
The Vegas Glden Knights play at the T-mobile Arena in which city?
The book that inspired the TV episode "The Emperor'so New Cloak" has been translated into how many languages?
Beers, Steers + Queers is an LP whose name is based on a film premiering when?
Gábor Korolovszky once played for what team located in the community of Castile-La Mancha?
In what year was the actress and former fashion model that stars with Forest Whitaker, Sherilyn Fenn, James Belushi and Sharon Stone in the film "Diary of a Hitman" born?
Who owns the most costly home in the world, Antila?
What type of vegetation does Venus flytrap and Butea have in common?
What states is the metropolitan area once home to the Cook Paint and Varnish Company located in?
David Boundy represented the South Australian House of Assembly seat of Goyder from 1974 to 1977 for a movement organised by what former premier?
What Roman Catholic priest was a significant influence in the Ecological Movement of Thessaloniki?
In addition to the individual born in April 1963, what other artist did critics compare The Advent's energetic update of original techno to?
What is the setting for the action-adventure video game series which includes Emily Kaldwin as a character?
Who has published more works, Melissa Bank or Alan Moore?
Tombstone stared an actor born May 17, 1955 known as who?
What country of origin does Eystein Orre and Battle of Stamford Bridge have in common?
Where is the headquarters for the cognac house that Merlin D'Souza was the Asian Jazz ambassador for?
Walter Lang directed a 1939 American drama film loosely based on a novel from what year?
Who was the great-grandfather of the American socialite who lived in Bulloch Hall as a child?
Angelo Meli was a Chairman of an American Mafia crime family also known as what?
Which documentary was released first, About Baghdad or Voices of Iraq?
Were Miguel Delibes and Aldous Huxley from the same continent?
The character Sora Jung played in "Mayumi" was arrested in what country?
What are the 3 characterized styles of architecture used in mild subtropical climate of the American Southeast?
How much consumption of non-fish foods would you get eating only packages with Med Marks on them?
Which character did Domenico Trimarchi portray in the Opera that first premiered on 12 May 1832?
Are Adam Duritz and Julian Casablancas both lead singers of a band?
Protogygia comstocki and White Sands National Monument are both from which state?
In what year did the political party which Kristian Norheim is a member of win the Norwegian parliamentary election?
The Brauroneion was the sanctuary of an ancient deity that the Arcadians believed was the daughter of who?
Are FPT University in Vietnam and Kathmandu's Tribhuvan University both public universities?
Where was the album that "Santa Claus Is Back in Town" is a part of recorded?
Louisburg is a city in which county located in east-central Kansas?
Were Schmerber v. California and Muller v. Oregon decided in the same year?
Joshua T. Mendell and Victor A. McKusick are both experts in what field of medicine?
In which county is found a mall that came after Towson Town Center?
What star of Dances with Dragon was born 7 February 1967?
Which is larger, Sierra Nevada National Park, or Tablas de Daimiel National Park?
Operation Cherry Blossoms at Night was a 1945 plan developed an army medical officer born in which year?
When does the leader of McCoys of Kentucky died under who's leadrship The Hatfield–McCoy feud occured?
What is the rank of the santa clarita city by money magazine where the Adopting Terror movie was filmed?
Who choreographed the step, also used in the Grapevine dance, that is a dance set to the song 'Electric Boogie"?
Where did the football team owned by Donald Trump play its home games?
Which actor in "Curious George" was also in all eight of the "American Pie" films?
What was the person who received the other individual awards along with Martin Scorsese, Harvey Keitel, John Guare, and Patrizia von Brandenstein known for coproducing?
Which of Syd Mead design was directed by Ridley Scott?
Drunken Master earned two and a half times the revenue starring which father of Yuen Woo-ping?
American Eagle Outfitters established what other company to present a different take on the company or brand's main idea?
Are Steven Spielberg and Pekka Karjalainen both screenwriters?
In 2014, what was the populatioin of the largest ity in the district once represented by Ben McAdams?
Krittibas Ojha is known for his translation of a great Indian epic into Bengali which narrates the struggle of what divine prince?
In what year did Christela Jacques compete for Miss Universe?
What is the name of the character in the television series "Rob & Big" who was the best friend of Rob Dyrdek and who was born on January 13, 1972?
English actress Kathy Staff starred in the television show "Of Funerals and Fish", which ran for how many episodes?
What was the profession of Sarah Moore's adoptive mother?
Which of the two dog breeds, the English Springer Spaniel or the Landseer, recognized by all the kennel clubs?
Johnny English and the killer cleaner were in what installment of the Johnny English film series?
The actor who starred as Keith/Flash in the Odyssey was born on which day?
Where are the majority of Eastern Asian people located in the United Kingdom?
When was the composer of the operetta Sweethearts born?
Tiergarten had a single track from the album released through which label?
Which 2009 Chinese television series starred a singer and actor who gained his fame through Super Boy, a televised singing competition?
Daphne Slater attended what school founded by one of the Great Twelve Livery Company's of the City of London?
William Vasey Houghton was known for cleaning up a prison in what city?
What actress starred in the film that was a prequel to "When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth" (1970)?
Between what years was W. Davis Merritt Jr. the editor of the newspaper published in Wichita, Kansas and owned by The McClatchy Company?
What country does Spright Dowell and Mercer University have in common?
Which sports is Alex O'Brien and Marc Rosset related to?
Rene' Isidoro Garcia once managed which Mexican football club based in Cancun, Quintana Roo?
Who was the famous physicist in the memoir Einstein Wrote Back, who was born in Vienna in 1869?
When was the Global Equipment Company, a materials handler entered direct marketing which previously owned TigerDirect?
Robert Cecil Dawkins was a senior office in the Royal Air Force with a rank immediately below what other rank?
When was the first printing of the magazine that published Mr. Meecher, the Uncool Teacher?
Baby Jay is part of which athletic teams that represent the University of Kansas?
Which typical dish of the Faroe Islands is eaten in many parts of the world?
Which presidential pet was born first, Socks Clinton, or Buddy?
How many people live in the metropolitan area of the city where Georgi Todorov died?
Shaker Paleja's film roles include an appearance in The Day the Earth Stood Still with a Canadian actor, director, producer, adn musician who was born in what year?
Which band had a longer hiatus, Juliette and the Licks or The Last Shadow Puppets?
What vocalist is one of the only constant members of the American alternative metal band whose debut studio album was "Cold"?
Which gold mine has a longer history, Thompson-Lundmark Mine or Lupin Mine?
Which breed of dog is larger, Chihuahua or Bernese Mountain Dog?
Which Opera has more acts Maria Stuarda or Giasone?
15 Union Square West overlooks the intersection where what two roads came together in the early 19th century?
What's this Maxey Flat facility about that inspired the documentary film American Threnody?
So Outta Reach is an EP by a musician that is best known as the former lead guitarist for what band?
In what region of England did an independent school established in 1896 merge with King Edward VII and Queen Mary School?
"Infinite Dreams" is a live single released by a band formed in which year?
Do the bands, Gumball and Kings of Convenience, come from two different countries?
Are Josh Franceschi and Lars Frederiksen in the same band?
Where was the university at which Magnus Brunner was educated located?
What is the total area of the desert where Mount Manchester is located?
To what areas did the new Class 185 diesel trains regularly run from the York Leeman Road depot?
What are Game Informer and Adventist World?
Junta and Ashta Chamma are both what?
What's the present day English county of Skelton-in-Cleveland, recorded in the Domesday Book and site of a 12th-century castle?
"Scheherazade", composed by Nikolai Rimsky-Korasakov is known as this type of music?
What is the nationality of UFOlogist who is credited with being among the first to claim contact with Nordic aliens in the mid 1950s?
What type of wagon inspired the dominant form of transportation on the improved trail through the Great Appalachian Valley from Pennsylvania to North Carolina?
How many episodes was the animated children's television series written by Rowby Goren?
Great Expectations is a 1998 contemporary film starring an American voice actor known for starring in what animated television sitcom?
Londonderry Borough Police are the force in the county that is part of what country?
What was the middle name of the aviator featured in "The Smithsonian Institution"?
What epeiric sea is Germany bordering?
Who was the only actor to appear in leading roles in both The Hunt for Red October (rebooted in 2002 as The Sum of All Fears) and its sequel?
Which correspondent of Frederick Goddard Tuckerman was an American essayist, lecturer, and poet who led the transcendentalist movement of the mid-19th century?
What is the full name of the University where Patrick Callaerts is the head of the "VIB Laboratory of Developmental Genetics"?
What team won in one of the final 2015-16 Music City Bowl games of the 2015 FBS football season?
Who produce 80 to 90 percent of the text to the opera at which Timothy Meyers has a role of Bertolt Brecht's?
Shari McEwen admires a civil rights activist born in what year?
What tabloid in Adelaide had a strong sporting focus?
What medal does this American former figure skater, whose story was parodied in National Lampoon's Attack of the 5 Ft. 2 In. Women, win in the 1992 Winter Olympics?
Metro Broadcast s a wholly owned subsidiary of a company that has its executive office in which city?
Aleksandar Maćašev was known for a controversial project that depicted the Third Reich leader of what department?
The shopping mall in Overland Park, Kansas had a fabric store that operated how many outlets?
Were both Keisuke Kinoshita and Nikos Koundouros film directors?
Who is the American-Canadian actor whose voice stars in Kung Fu Panda and who began his career performing stand-up comedy as a teenager?
Cooking For Kids with Luis originally broadcast on a channel run by which network?
How many lead roles has the lead actor of Seetharama Raju had?
Which of the football team coached by W. E. Metzenthin represents The University of Texas at Austin in NCAA Division I intercollegiate men's basketball competition?
What Vancouver Kanuck player was born in 1986?
What famous authors inspired two dark adventure movies featuring Hugh Jackman in the same year?
High is by The Cure, from an album that was released on April 21, 1992, by what label in the US?
Were the bands Editors and Sunrise Avenue formed the same year?
Where is the headquarters of the mortgage lending company founded by the owner of the Cleveland Cavaliers located?
What American television personality won a special twist prize in Famous Food?
What Lebanese and English singer had a song covered a cappella in a 2015 film?
What South Korean television series had a star born 17 August 1993?
Which American city contains a park with a geyser that can lift water up to 630 ft and an monumental archway that is also 630 ft tall?
Hearst Television subsidiary of the Hearst Corporation owns an NBC-affiliated television station located near which supplier of ore?
In what year did the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle, join the "Statue of Liberty Wing"?
Between Outfoxed and The Murder of Fred Hampton, which was released most recently?
Which Italian actress born in 1971 stars in Lucignolo?
Bédogo-Nabiga is a village in the landlocked country that has what population?
On the album Friar Tut, Tut Taylor is joined by Sam Bush, who plays what instrument?
Letters to a Young Contrarian is the contribution of which Anglo-American author, columnist, essayist, orator, religious and literary critic, social critic, and journalist?
What 2 characteristics do Jolt Cola and Tab Clear share?
This 2006 Iowa Hawkeyes football coach played for University of Connecticut in 1976 as a linebacker?
What is the leading publication that deals with higher education, where Stephen William Boyd's has taught?
Who was the starting quarterback for Penn State Nittany Lions football team who resulted in Terrelle Pryor being benched?
What voice type does Sonny Bono's collaborator on the album Chér have?
Which American actor starred in Return of the Rebels?
SHODAN is a fictional artificial intelligence and main antagonist of which 1994 PC game?
A former mayor of Malverne, Francis T. Purcell later became a political commentator for what New York cable channel?
Hugo Ferreira and Glenn Gregory are both singers and what?
Who is from farther west, Sunye or Alex Chilton?
What was the height of the taller of the two Irishmen Patrick Cotter O'Brien and Charles Byrne?
Which war was the movie, in which Matin Rey Tangu starred in, set during?
Who was born first, Mrinalini Sarabhai or Vikram Sarabhai?
This fictional character is voice by an actor whose nationality is?
What Arboretum is in a town with a population of 5,416?
Jennifer Jones was married to a producer who earned an Academy Award for what?
How many seats can the stadium originally planned to host the 2017 NBA All-Star Game hold for NBA games?
Margrethe II of Denmark has a son who is sixth in line to succeed the Danish throne, behind which elder brother?
How many people live in the neighborhood where Henryk Siwiak was shot?
Are Paul McGuigan and Patricio Guzmán both directors of Sherlock?
Which opera was written earlier, Punch and Judy or Einstein on the Beach?
What nominations has the author of the Eugene Trilogy received more of (combined) than any other writer?
Wyrd is a concept in what culture, dating back to the 5th century?
Everything is Everything marked the first commercial appearance of a singer born in what year?
Who has descendants which retain possession of an unincorporated island near Knox County, Maine?
Old Central's bell clapper was considered a trophy in which rivalry between Oklahoma and Oklahoma State?
"Vereshchagino" survived a direct hit by a P-35 Progress anti-ship missile fired by Russian Navy from a city located on which peninsula?
The Wright 3 is a novel about the characters trying to save a landmark that was designed by what architect?
Are the Trump Palace Condominiums taller than the One Dag Hammarskjöld Plaza?
"Kenny Dies" is the 13th episode of an animated series created by what two people?
Who wrote the 1972 Luis Buñuel film which Fernando Rey acted in?
What sources, both before and after the pagan period, is the mythology derived from that is also the mythology featured in Mats Wendt's 16 hour-long cybersyomphic work "Eddan - the invincible sword of the elf-smith"?
Which magazine was founded earlier, the Texas Monthly or the Humbug?
Other the Celts, name other ways people from Poland are identified.?
Which writer was also a translator, Harold Pinter or Fernando Pessoa?
Ole Yde is a Danish fashion designer based in a city that as of 2016 has a population of what?
Who designed the theme park that the Beast's Castle themed resturant at Walt Disney World Resort is located in?
Situational analysis was coined in a book by Karl Popper in what year?
Where is the company Super Deluxe website of Penelope princess of pets located? Downtown Los Angeles?
Whic centre is the Prestone of Lancashire, England?
What song was co-written by Brice Long and received a Country Music Association Awards Song of the Year nomination in 2015?
What county is Cottonwood Cove, Nevada and Laughlin, Nevada in?
Are both Waterloo Regional Airport and Provincetown Municipal Airport located on land leased from the U.S. National Park Service?
The British television sitcom Spaced starred which English actor who was born in 1970?
In between Photinia and Chamaerops which one is in the family Arecaceae?
Which designer for The Walt Disney Company is the daughter of Peggy Lipton?
What film by Tomm Moore preceded his film which was written by Will Collins?
Who was a member of the 1988-89 FC Bayern Munich season and was born in 1965 in Kallebäck?
The leader of the Union Army of the Tennessee in The Meridian Campaign died on what date?
Harold L. Martin was chancellor of which historically black public research university?
Who played Mani in a 2001 film directed by Christophe Gans?
Rebel Black Bear is the mascot of the collegiate athletic teams formerly known as what?
Which professional American football league were James Harrison and Eric Norwood affiliated?
What was the man who commanded the Royalists at the Battle of Wigan Lane known as in the Isle of Man?
Joseph Michael Cross starred in an American action thriller film which earned who an ALMA Award?
When was the coach of the 1986 Super Bowl champions born?
What is the more commonly known name for Cassius Clay and fought Alonzo Johnson in a ten-round boxing match?
Slane Beg is northwest of a town in what Irish county?
What philosophical movement rejects Enlightenment thinking and was pioneered by a Kashmiri poet?
What type of vegetation does Lythrum and Erythrina have in common?
Where is the historic market town in which East Hertfordshire council has offices in located?
Which documentary is older, Hacking Democracy or Raw Opium?
What is the name of the father of Hideburh's husband?
Who played the mother in the 1970ies American musical sitcom that also starred child actress Suzanne Crough?
Leo Howard was certified as the youngest TV director ever by the Guinness World Records for directing a show that originally aired on which TV Channel?
Which tree species is found in Nevada County, California and is the most widely distributed pine species?
Before being elected president, how did the president who led the American occupation of Spanish West Florida during the First Seminole War gain fame?
Susan Barnes cofound NeXT Compiter, Inc. with an entrepreneur born in which year?
What is the meaning of the acronym of the South Korean boy band, U-KISS, who is known for their album named "Bring It Back 2 Old School"?
What type of plane was Octávio Augusto Ceva Antunes on when he went missing?
Which college is older, Bowdoin College or Swarthmore College?
Which 42nd President of the United States pardoned Preston Theodore King in 2000?
What instrument did one of George Harrison's fellow musician co-workers become well known for championing?
Which univeristy was founded first, George Washington University or University of Iowa?
James Ellison founded an extremist terrorist group that had its compound in the northern part of what state?
Which of these was produced by VEB, Robotron Z1013 or Gradiente Expert?
In which city is this National Register of Historic Place of this bank president and owner of a local hardware store whose uncle fought in the American Civil War, Indian Wars, and the Spanish–American War located?
Which organization did both Billy McMillen and the Irish National Liberation army have affiliations with until 'the Troubles' 1974?
Who wrote the opera that was described as A New Grand Opera Bouffe Feerie, in Four Acts and Nine Tableaux, and was English Folklore?
Sir Francis Nethersole was secretary to an Electress that is often referred to by what nickname?
What is the formal name of the nation of Hawai which Peter Cushman Jones was a businessman and politician in?
What show did Margarita Ibrahimoff star in in 1999?
What was the category of the hurricane that damaged the Hanapepe Town Lot No. 18?
What American adult animated sitcom has Jenny Sarah Slate appeared in?
Christian Gertartsreiter, the subject of the film, Clark Rockefeller was how old when he moved to the United States?
What are the similarities between Bougainville – Our Island Our Fight and The Anderson Platoon documentaries?
Are both Ralph Saenz and Roddy Woomble credited as writers?
What profession did both John Reynolds and Edwin Hubble belong to?
Which of the following genuses is native to United States and Mexico, Leucophyllum or Eryngium?
What was Delco Carousel's development purpose for the Delco Electronics Corporation?
This 2011 Indian black comedy film written by Akshat Verma starred an American actress best known for her portrayal of who in HBO's Emmy nominated show, The Night Of"?
Between Monsters University and Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue, which film was released more recently?
Name the brewmaster who left the largest brewery in Maryland to become CEO of a macrobrewery in Houston, Texas.?
What show did Tomato star with Ahmir Khalib Thompson on?
Are both Justine Henin and Virginia Ruano Pascual former professional tennis players?
Anne Jacqueline Hathaway stared in a romantic comedy in 2010 which was written by Katherine Fugate, and directed by who?
Which lead vocalist founded the rock band Foo Fighters Danny Worsnop or Dave Grohl?
When was the university, for which Friedrich Leibniz was registrar and professor of moral philosophy, founded?
Lou Ye and Irving Cummings are directors, who is commonly grouped with the "Sixth Generation"?
Ivory Tower was recorded as an R&B version by which baritone singer?
What role did Rica Fukami play in ァイナルファンタジーXII?
Who is an animal rights activist, Nicole Jung or John Feldmann?
Which person lived the most recently, Viken Babikian or Carl Genian?
In what year was the father of Elizabeth Capell, Countess of Essex born?
What Russian city are both Mariinsky Ballet and Arthur Saint-Léon located?
Which magazine was published first Video Watchdog or Motor Trend?
Best known as the drummer of the rock bands Rage Against the Machine, King's X, Incubus, Bruce Springsteen, and more were reunited with which artist?
Where's Poppa? contained the future Saturday Night Live star who was also on what other sitcom from 1996-2001?
What is the name of the motorsport circuit in Sao Paulo that hosted the twelfth round of the 1996 International Car Championship?
Hyannisport Club is adjacent to which piece of property that lies on Cape Cod, with three houses on six acres?
What year did Henry FitzClarence's mother die?
What boxer considered by some to be Europe's best middleweight boxer of the 1940s and 1950s is the older brother of Dick Turpin?
The St Regis River begins at Lookout Pass in which mountain pass on the Idaho/Montana border?
Some Type of Love is the third extended play (EP) by an American singer who which he wrote, co-produced, and performed a song as a tribute to who?
What musical directed by Bill Berry was inspired by the play "Romeo and Juliet"?
Whose 1984 murder spawned the founding of the LGBT organization EqualityMaine?
Fermi liquid theory was later developed by which theoretical physicist of Soviet, Russian and American background?
Which actress Morris from America stars that also appeared in "Wetlands"?
What is the year of the event that happened first, G.I. Jane was created, or Percy Main Productions was founded?
What American company operated a charter flight that crashed into Maho Bay in 2014?
Which Field Marshal in the Wehrmacht did Segfried Westphal as chief of staff for in World War II?
What was the name of the Australian hard rock band that covered Kate Bush's debut single?
When Louie R. Guenthner, Jr was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives, what was one of the affluent areas he represented?
What year was Wilhelm Henie's daughter born?
Which case was brought to court first Aptheker v. Secretary of State or Gideon v. Wainwright?
Who is the one of the writer of Rihanna's song which is in her album Loud (2010) and is a party-drinking song, with multiple references to drinking alcohol, including Jameson Irish Whiskey?
Who is the father of the racing driver that suffered a fatal accident during the 2009 Brands Hatch Formula Two round?
What is the name of this American lawyer, journalist, and magazine publisher, whose father was assassinated and whose autopsy was performed at Barnstable County Hospital?
Whit is the IATA abbreviation for the air force base located in the area where Whitney Section House originally stood?
Who is younger, John McEnroe or Wayne Black?
Ryan Blair plays at midfield for which Welsh football club?
Pinellas connects with Manatee County via the bridge that has a length of how many feet?
Which one is older, the chairman of the Humphreys Company, or the American politician and medical doctor who beat him in the primary?
Besides Mederer GmbH, what German companies compete with Haribo?
What breed of dog is the hero of illustrator Dav Pilkey's comic book creation Dogzilla?
Who developed the effervescent antacid and pain reliever which originally sponsored Quiz Kids?
What is the show that includes a French acrobat and a story about the coming of age of a young man?
The 2011 Grand Slam of Darts was sponsored by which London-based bookmaker?
What nationality was the man in whose shops Henri Maillardet spent a period of time?
The Cleaveland Indians drafted Dwight Bernard Taylor in what year?
What tectonic plate is located west of a trench which reaches a maximum-known depth of 10994 m?
What continent are both Satureja and Caulophyllum found on?
In what city was the Miss Universe pageant that Miss Ecuador 1969 competed in?
What is the name of the current CEO of the online magazine founded in 2009 by Joshua Foer and Dylan Thuras?
Mathura art is usually contasted with art that is the artistic manifestation of Greco-Buddhism, and is a cultural syncretism between buddhism and what?
Paul Lauterbur and Peter Mansfield shared which award in 2003 for groundbreaking work in Magnetic Resonance Imaging?
Does William Dieterle have more experience in screenwriting than Mark Rosman?
When did the husband of Galina Vishnevskaya leave Russia with Elena Rostropovich and her parents?
Which publisher released the adventure game What Remains of Edith Finch?
The singer of the United Kingdom's entry at the Eurovision Song Contest 1971 was from what country?
Who is the Minnesota senator that was married to Muriel Humphrey and served as the 38th Vice President of the United States?
When was the actor who voiced the character Tony in the 15th Disney animated feature film born?
The 2015 film starring an actor whose debut was in the television series White Christmas was directed by whom?
Which canal in England was built at the Brayford Pool around 120 AD?
What NFL team was owned by the creator of the Rooney Prize for Irish Literature?
Which is the larger park Teide National Park or Tablas de Daimiel National Park??
Which mountain is higher Gangkhar Puensum or Jongsong Peak?
Which Simpsons character made his debut in an episode about Homer getting an illegal cable hook-up?
Which Scottish actor sang "Come What May"?
In which country was the subject of the documentary Maidentrip born?
What X-files actress plays DSI Stella Gibson in the crime drama tv series "The Fall"?
What team has been around for longer, Societa Sportiva Calcio Napoli or UEFA Champions League?
Which director was involved with animated films, Peter Szewczyk or Robert Hamer?
Which characters were in a unique canonical cartoon from the "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies" series?
Who was the Grand Duke of Alba and Iron Duke in the Netherlands that defeated William the Silent's invading army?
Is Smoking Popes or Thirty Seconds to Mars from further west?
What canadian actres born July 11, 1984 was in the movie The Break-Up Artist?
The 307th Operations Group's Base location is contiguous to what city in Louisiana?
Heard Well was founded by an American YouTuber, entrepreneur, entertainer, and writer, who was born on September 12th of what year?
How do people protect themselves from the legendary ghost warriors that inhabit the Manoa Falls Trail?
In which city did the draft take place in which The Sixers selected Keith Van Horn with the second pick?
Anice Ann Atkinson was elected in 2014, second on the list for the region behind which British politician, broadcaster and political analyst who was the leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) from 2006 to 2009 and again from 2010 to 2016?
According to the 2011 Census, what was the population of the civil parish in which Cholmondeley Castle is located?
Have Sonya Scarlet and Serj Tankian both been singers in a metal band?
The 5th season of Game of Thrones, premiering in the spring of 2015, ends with "Mother's Mercy", which landmark episode in total?
Which band formed first, Bodyjar or Skillet?
The Airth Old Parish Church is located near what body of water?
What town on the banks of Six Mile Water did the Ramble Inn attack happen near?
Byron McCandless was the grandfather of NASA astronaut borni n what year?
Which airport is mainly used for general aviation, Memphis International Airport or Sheridan County Airport?
Which American poet, painter, essayist, author, and playwright who wrote approximately 2,900 poems was published by Duell, Sloan and Pearce?
The breed of dog in the movie Wasao originates in what country?
When was the American government official which took over from Thomas A. Shannon Jr. after he was confirmed born?
The Trail of the Lonesome Pine runs 8.02 mi from the Kentucky state line on top of a mountain that is how high?
E-mails from Bill Clinton's Chief of staff lead to the pizzagate conspiracy in what year?
What position did General Musa Khan Akbarzada formerly hold the Pakistani capital of Peshawar?
Which of the following dog breeds is multi-sensory, the Schillerstövare or the Portuguese Podengo?
Are Fuqing and Yong'an in the same country?
Steven Cuitlahuac Melendez and Disney are connected by what American animator?
Are Vernon, Florida and Moana both documentaries?
Arthur Weare's Football club, West Ham United F.C. was based out of where?
Safari included the twin sister of which singer-songwriter as the guitar player for the Breeders?
Whats was the population in 2003 of Centralia, the least populated municipality in Pennsylvania, USA?
The American dancer, actor, singer, film director, producer, and choreographer, starred in The Young Girls of Rochefort with which other actress?
Who is older, Rob Minkoff or Thomas Schlamme?
What American Canadian actor, born April 15, 1982, co-wrote "The Watch"?
The work of Alexander Stewart Jolly was strongly influenced by Frank Lloyd Wright's school whose namesake believed in what?
Fictional supervillain Steppenwolf is the uncle of Darkseid, who appears in comic books published by what company?
Were America's Heart and Soul and Cosmic Voyage directed by the same man?
Which university in the United States contains the only law school in the state and also had American basketball player Larry Moffett play for them?
What did Indonesian singer Indah Dewi Pertiwi sell in KFC outlets throughout the country, making it the fifth best seller in history?
What type of collection does Nådens år and Agnetha Fältskog have in common?
A Streetcar named Desire is a 1995 television drama film, starring what actress who received two Academy awards, one tony award, three emmy awards, five golden Globe awards, and how many screen actors guild awards?
"Glassheart" is a song conceptualised by Leona Lewis and a frequent collaborator who is the lead vocalist for what pop rock band?
Modoc, West Virginia is located along a US Route that runs for how many miles?
Are both Sophie Marceau and Spike Jonze a filmmaker?
Which school was founded earlier, Wellesley College or the University of Virginia?
Which film was released first, The Three Lives of Thomasina or The Shaggy Dog?
Which American rapper and a member of the group A Tribe Called Quest has a guest appearance in Shaq Diesel?
What profession does Kim Sung-kyu and Charlie Wilson have in common?
Craig Goldy is a guitarist in what American heavy metal band that was formed in 1982?
Dale Allen Pfeiffer went on a hunger strike because of one of the members of which movement?
Who directed the American short silent film shot on May 20, 1891 in collaboration with "The Wizard of Menlo Park"?
Symphony No. 8 was commissioned by what symphony orchestra in the Netherlands?
Wipers and Failure have similarities to what Portland, Oregon band?
How tall is the hotel casino in which Madame Tussauds Las Vegas is located?
Daryl Morey's philosophy on Basketball was dubbed "Moreyball" after what book by Michael Lewis?
What is the nickname of the driver who was replaced by Jenson Button and Kevin Magnussen?
How long has the league that Eray Cümart plays football in played in its current format?
Danny Wallace won one cap for which team, controlled by The Football Association?
Alex Young played later in his career for the semi-pro team taht plays in which premiership?
Utterby is situated on the road that is in what English region?
Are both Cangzhou and Qionghai in the Hebei province of China?
Who owns the High Renaissance palace that is only a few blocks from Sant'Eligio degli Orefici?
What city is 560 m above sea level in Singapore and the birthplace of Parag Dahiwal?
What is the name of the Football League Cup sponsored by a bank holding company, headquartered in Mclean, Virginia?
Of the two writers, Isaac Asimov or Robert Musil, is not an Austrian philosophical writer?
Are Esquire and Penthouse magazines primarily touted as a men's magazine or a women's magazine?
Rex Reed appeared in the film Myra Breckinridge, in addition to being known as what?
What team does the player who Ahmad Khormali wears pyjama-like tracksuit bottoms in imitation of play for?
What common factors are found in the magazines Pro Wrestling Illustrated and The Friend?
What was the nationality of the director of the British joint-stock company founded in 1711?
Standard Chartered Bank, who sponsors the annual Hong Kong Marathon, is headquartered in what city?
What is the name of this United States Army officer and private security officer of British origin and who had the White Rose read at his funeral in 2001?
Who was native to a country farther west, Ricardo Costa or Franco Rossi?
What type of profession does Alexander Cooke and John Heminges have in common?
Because of Game Center, Mini Motor Racing games can now do what?
Megan Hart's inspiration to write was an expansion on which earlier short story?
Manchester United won the match 2–1 with goals from which English professional footballer who plays as a winger for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team?
Are Tony Scott and Zhang Yang both film directors?
Is Psychiatric Institute of Washington or Howard University Hospital older?
What phenomenon is named after the Phaya Naga and what the Mekhong Full Moon Party film is about?
In which state was Death Tunnel filmed?
Which era was this English writer and social critic active, whose 1843 novel inspired the 1979 American made-for-television fantasy drama film "An American Christmas Carol"?
In which month of 2010 did the bowling competitions at Bolera Caribe end?
What is the Hawthorne Valley Waldorf School's location within Columbia County?
Harvard Business Review and Seed are both what kind of literature?
On what date was the album containing "Unforgettable" released?
Ratonero Bodeguero Andaluz and Mudhol Hound are both what?
The film Non è mai Passato was co-written by what former race care driver?
Do Trevor Horn and Keith Relf both play harmonica?
The score that Sara Bareilles wrote for the Broadway musical "Waitress" only included music written specifically for what?
Which was formed first, James or Big Audio Dynamite?
Which movie came out first, Flubber or Finding Dory?
The song "Karmic Wheel" contains audio samples from the suicide of the 30th Treasurer of Pennsylvania who shot himself with what kind of revolver?
What genre does The Boxing Mirror and Heart have in common?
What 65-room estate closed in 1946?
In which Pakistani village is the Kot Mul Chand railway station?
Britannia Hotels includes what company that operates holiday parks in the UK?
Behram Kurşunoğlu was a Turkish physicist who hosted several Nobel Prize Laueates including an American physicist who pineerd the stufy of electron scatter in what?
What BBC One show has a judge that is born in 1955?
In 2006 the CEO of InfoSteam Group also founded a sugar daddy dating website in what city?
What is the name of this village and civil parish in the Isle of Axholme area of England, where Sandtoft is a hamlet?
What island does Lia Fáil and Hill of Tara have in common?
Are both Sarah Waters and Lincoln Steffens considered journalists?
Which 2 artists released a song titled "Revolution", one artist release had 3 different versions, in 1968 and 1969?
Kim Dong-won's directorial debut was a film that is a sequel to which 2001 film?
For what work was the German composer featured in a sample in Jedi Mind Trick's Heavy Metal Kings best known?
Who was the South African-born Canadian American who won the Automotive Executive of the Year Award in 2010?
The Grand Victoria Casino Elgin is 50% owned by a subsidiary of a company which acquired Mandalay Resort Group, what percent of CityCenter in Las Vegas does this company own?
What is the name of a large variety of filled, rolled appetizers or dim sum found in East Asian and Southeast Asian cuisine, similar to Vietnamese Gỏi cuốn?
In what state did the actor from the comedy film Table for Three grow up?
Daniel Roth was acquired by a company from what country?
The 2013 California Golden Bears football team had a head coach who played what sport in college?
Fritz Goro died in Chappaqua, a hamlet of what town in Westchester County, New York?
What is the square footage of the shopping mall SEA LIFE Grapevine is located in?
Who is older, Quentin Tarantino or Barbara Albert?
Between what two states does the valley the Ojibwe ceded their rights to by the Treaty of Old Crossing form the border?
Who portrays Will Hunting in Chris Moore's 1997 movie about an unrecognized genius?
Which dynasty ruled in Milan during the Renaissance period, but later lost the Duchy to the Habsburgs from Spain?
What is the name of the five-star luxury hotel in Amsterdam that is part of an American multinational hospitality company led by Christopher J. Nassetta?
What is the phrase describing this rivalry between two American college football teams that was ranked by ESPN in 2000 as the greatest North American sports rivalry?
The Ting Tings "Show Us Yours Tour" featured what type of music?
Who created News Limited and is the name of the Professorship in Language and Communication at Worcester College, University of Oxford?
Are Against Me! and Scanners both punk rock bands?
In what year was the star of Searching for the Elephant star Jo?
Both cities of Karamay and Yima, Henan are located in which country?
What is the song that Mike Einzinger cowrote and Avicii performed?
What role did Kunie Tanaka play in a film entered into the 11th Berlin International Film Festival?
Lusty Juventus is an example of an Entr'acte, more commonly known in French today as what?
What is the nationality of lightweight female kickboxer Annalisa Bucci?
Xokonoschtletl Gómora pushed for hte return of what artifact taken during hte Spanish Conquest of the Aztecs?
What subjects did Antoine Rodolphe Chevallier teach The Virgin Queen?
Who is in the entertainment industry, Raffi Indjejikian or Rouben Mamoulian?
Along what road is the 16th-century castle built by the Burnetts of Leys is located?
Isaac de Forcade de Biaix was a Knight of the Order of an order established in what year?
Little Caesars and Pizza Hut were founded in the 1950s within a year of each other. Which was the first to serve pizza?
Which branch of the Norwegian Armed Forces had the first multi-vessel class of destroyers known as the "Draug" built for them?
Are both Buster Bloodvessel and Adam Lazzara singers for the band Bad Manners?
When was the solid body electric guitar introduced on which the Gibson Robot Guitar was based?
Kaiser Permanente was founded by an industrialist who became known as the father of what?
The Australian pop singer Lee Harding is from what outer-suburb of Melbourne in Victoria, Australia?
How many runs did the cricketer,who was suspened on 10 February, score in his ODI debut?
Were Peter Grimes and Rusalka written by the asme person?
Are Skittle Bomb and Painkiller both made with energy drinks?
The multi-purpose indoor arena that seats 16,514 patrons is located in the second largest what?
Who is the song that mentions William Batty credited to?
What year did the war during which Pompiliu Ștefu was executed end?
What actress born in Larne, County Antrim in 1917 appeared in a 1934 film adaptation of Badger's Green?
With which royal house is the Queen consort of Germany, by her marriage with the king of the Salian dynasty, associated with, that was a ruling royal house in Middle Age Scandinavia and England?
The Police Integrity Commission is responsible for the prevention, detection, and investigation of alleged serious misconduct in what primary law enforcement agency of the state of New South Wales, Australia that is Divided into seventy six local area command?
What was the category of music of the singer who died in 1989 and had a single named "Turn Me to Love"?
What country borders India and Biophytum umbraculum can also be found?
Where did the man who executed the Emperor Atahualpa to conquer the Inca Empire originate from?
Where is the shopping mall which Northwest Mall opened along side with located?
Which science fiction trilogy has in the lead role an actress who had a voice role in the 3D film Peter Rabbit?
In the same NBA Draft where Kwame Brown was the first high school player to be drafted with the first overall pick, Ear Joesph was drafted the Supersonics, what draft was that?
Oui Can Luv is the latest studio album by a singer-songwriter of what nationality?
Are Mamostong Kangri and Saser Kangri both located in India?
Which beer is now produced by AB Inbev and was popularly known as The Cream of Manchester?
The great-great-grandfather of current head of the House of Hohenzollern held what official title?
The Imperial Arcade opened in 1891 on the site now occupied by a shopping centre operated by what company?
Springfield, Missouri is known as the "birthplace" of which original highway in the US Highway System?
In what year was the person who wrote the lyrics for "Chaar Kadam" born?
Did Peter Hooton and Floor Jansen found the band The Farm together?
What is MV "Sygna" located north of the Hunter river in New South Wales, australia?
Peter Hugh Pocklington is an advocate of an economic system that is free from intervention by which party?
Is At the Drive-In or Black Stone Cherry from further north?
"War Song" is a 1971 song by Graham Nash and what former member of Buffalo Springfield?
Finn the Human / Jake the Dog are the first two episodes of the animated series that was storyboarded by the creator of what other series?
What nationality is the man who wrote the foreword for Rogue Leaders: The Story of LucasArts?
Were Emeric Pressburger and Richard C. Sarafian in the same industry?
In what country did the 327th Infantry Regiment have their most famous military engagement?
Who was born 33 years before Pia Getty?
What midfielder is captain of the US men's soccer team and joined Toronto FC for the 2014 season?
What magazine voted an athlete who got her start with The East St. Louis Railers Track Club the Greatest Female Athlete of All-Time?
How many passengers were on the flight that the Russian Union of Engineers published a paper on?
The Spies Who Surf played with what surf rock guitarist also known as "The King of the Surf Guitar"?
Watching the Detectives is the number 354 song for what cover story of a special issue of Rolling Stone in 2004?
What type of encounter does The Beastmaster and Sword and sorcery have in common?
American Music Club and The Kills are both American only indie rock bands?
Name an organization to which Gene Autry's collaborator on "Here Comes Santa Clause" belongs.?
Who is the contemporary of Ralph Richardson that performed in plays by N.C. Hunter?
What bridge in Pittsburgh was the bridge named after the man who served as the elected President of Germany from 1925 until 1934 a design influence on?
What was Mark Christopher a cast in that was a 1997 American science fiction action film directed by John Woo?
Oddone of Savoy's mother was the Queen of what nation?
Which book, which is described by the author on its cover as a "thumping good detective-ghost-horror-who dunnit-time travel-romantic-musical-comedy-epic, was turned into a comic science fiction television series called Dirk Gently?
Is the Indian politician Uma Bharti's political party left-leaning or right-leaning?
Who wrote hello, goodbye and i am the walrus?
With little outside influence, the Pashtun culture is used mostly in what type of areas?
What date did an ABC network television film starring Calvin Jung air?
The show "O" at the Bellagio is located in what city?
Which act is from Japan, L'Arc-en-Ciel or Lorde?
What regular guest of "7 Day Sunday" also worked extensively with John Oliver on "Political Animal", "The Department", and "The Bugle"?
Are both Dodecatheon and Bloomeria native to North America?
Invincible is based on the story of which Philadelphia Eagles player?
What kind of group does Vertical Horizon and Against the Current have in common?
Based on these paragraphs, which band has more members, Empire Circus, or Maroon 5?
What occupation did George Gershwin and Jacques Offenbach share?
Which documentary provides a more in depth look at a specific moment in time, That's Dancing! or The Reflektor Tapes?
What character played by Gary Dubin in a 1978 American thriller film directed by Jeannot Szwarc?
The 3rd IAAF World Athletics Final was held at a stadium that serves primarily as the home stadium of which teams?
During which period was Altes Lager an important Viking trading post?
Which has more people: Kuytun or Qitaihe?
Where did the Washington Redskins quarterback who suffered concussion during the second 2015 preseason game play his college football?
What county is the school that Keiki Kawaiʻaeʻa received a BA in Hawaiian Studies from in?
Which Nassau County hamlet is home to the sister school of Singwango Secondary School?
Greg Cumbel is a broadcaster on NFL for CBS alongside which former American football quarterback?
What is the real name of Alex Andreas's potrayal on satge of The Big Bopper?
Among others, what type of 2-seater sports car does Datuk Wira Lee Chong Wei own with quattro permanent all-wheel drive system?
What does the name of Motoi Oyama's company stand for?
Who has been in more music groups Tom Petty or Saffron?
A Cool, Dry Place stars an American actress who is known for Con Air and what 1998 movie?
What is the 2012 population of the county in which Jersey Park Farm is located?
"You Can Close Your Eyes" was covered by which artist born in 1974?
Who owns the retired Grand National-winning National Hunt racehorse trained by Donald McCain, Jr. in a civil parish north east of Malpas and west of Nantwich?
Linnar Viik is a member of an Advisory Board of a bank headquartered in what country?
Who was born first, Amir Naderi or Guillermo del Toro?
Denzel Curry was born in a suburb of what larger Florida city?
The Japanese military officer Kenji Hatanaka conspired to prevent the broadcast of the surrender of this emperor who passed away a few decades later and was succeeded by whom?
How many miles away is the Polipoli Spring State Recreation Area from the volcano that forms more than 75% of the Hawaiian Island of Maui?
What is the year of the person who was born first, Simone Cipriani, or Stella McCartney?
In what borough of Hertfordshire is the Garston Ladies FC located?
Gopaler Ma in her later years was close to a Scots-Irish social worker and who else?
In 2014-15 Sevilla competed in a league that began on which day?
What is the home country of the studios located at Clarendon Road in Borehamwood?
Who directed "In Cold Blood", a film based on the non-fiction novel by Truman Capote in addition to the film "Fever Pitch"?
David Johnston was replaced as Minister for Defence by which Liberal Party member?
Lenora Isabella Crichlow starred as Annie Sawyer in a British supernatural comedy-drama series that was created and written by Toby Whithouse for broadcast on what channel?
What Minnesota Wild draftee was named top defencemen in the 2008 IIHF World Championship rosters?
The actor that played Jesus in "Godspell" had his first starring tv role in a series that aired on what network?
Who created this semi-autobiographical American comedy television series in which Casey Wilson portrays Brooke?
The actor born as James Bateman performed his final role in Big Stan, a 2007 film directed by whom?
Are Global Rhythm and Stanford Chaparral both magazines?
Charles Heidelberger, cancer researcher, developed the drug Fluorouracil (5-FU) which is sold under what name?
"Spookyfish" and "Mecha-Streisand" are both episodes in what Comedy Central show?
Which Norwegian cross country skier has more Olympic gold medals, Øystein "Pølsa" Pettersen or Petter Northug Jr.?
In the 2004 Minnesota Twins season, When was the player who injured his Knee and played only 35 games born?
Who was a part of the Paris postwar literary movement in the 1950s, Terry Southern or Winston Churchill?
Which ocean is the Port of Murmansk located next to?
Some forms of American English spoken in Illinois are from which American English dialect spoken in a geographic band reaching from Central New York westward along the Erie Canal?
What is the topic of the 2004 documentary released by Canadian filmmakers Naomi Klein and Avi Lewis?
Emily Woof has acted in which feature film spun off from a British TV comedy series?
Kwabre West is located in one of how many districts in the Ashanti Region of Ghana?
What's the commercial name for the fictitious branded world inhabited by superheroes and comicbook characters including Doop, Spider-Man and the X-Men?
Robert Carter was a member of what team that plays its home games at McCamish Pavilion?
What film staring Jim Carry did Sasha Alexander act in?
George Wylie Hutchinson illustrated the works of which English journalist and short-story writer?
In what year did Brian Cox appear in a film inspired by the limited comic book series of the same name?
Meji Mwamba contested the 2012 Olympic super heavyweight final with which Azerbaidjani boxer?
Where does the hockey team based in for which Darrel Scoville played in National Hockey League in addition to Calgary Flames?
Hanakapiai Beach is located on the coast on which oldest inhabited Hawaiian island?
Which company, that had Greg McAdoo on their board, was acquired by Google?
Which is generally smaller, the Old English Sheepdog or the Whippet?
The Big Daddy Kane album "Prince of Darkness" features guest appearances from Q-Tip and a rapper that has received how many Grammy Award nominations?
Who was the train dispatcher who sent a warning message to another passenger train in the December 6, 1917 Halifax maritime disaster?
The rock band joined by Tru Collins in 2010 has sold approx. how many concert tickets?
The movie Apollo 13 featured an astronaut that was born in what year?
In what year did the Austrian case to which the Mongelli case has been compared emerge?
What on loan Villarreal Striker is known for wearing the Nike Mercurial Vapor?
Holger Sinding-Larsen was most associated with his work at a fortressed used as what?
What is the nationality of the person who Space Art opened for in 1981?
When did the American country music group founded by Stephen Barker Liles, Eric Gunderson, and Brian Bandas release their second studio album?
The American Nativist criminal street gang who was tried for murder by Henry Stump operated in what city?
Are Tuberaria and Santolina both plants?
What is the birthname David Thewlis, one of the stars in The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas, was given when born?
What sport is represented by Zuffa founded in 2001 by Frank Fertitta III and Lorenzo Fertitta?
What is another name for the Mediterranean Theater of Operations, United States Army invasion of French North Africa during World War II?
UWF Heavyweight Championship was a title owned by which WWE Hall of Fame inductee, from 2009?
Anil Srinivasan is known for his collaborative work with the grandson of which internationally acclaimed flautist?
When was the actress who starred in the Broadway Rose production of "Bye Bye Birdie" born?
Which publication has been published by a greater number of groups, House Beautiful or Smithsonian?
Where is the Company founded by Edwin Binney based in?
When is the English singer-songwriter which Liverpool Sound Collage is an ambient electronic album by born?
While kosher companies Streit's and Manischewitz are both famous matzo competitors, Manischewitz. is also famous for what other product?
Which aircraft did ace pilot Gordon Arthur Stanley fly from aircraft carriers during World War II?
What movie did John Barnes Wells star in that was based off a 1952 novel written by Harriet Beecher Stowe?
Who was born earlier Dario Argento or W. S. Van Dyke?
What film by the director of "You and I" is about the Khmer Rouge?
The inventor of the first thermionic valve made what visual mnemonic tool for generators?
What was the title held in 2015 by Gennady Golovkin's opponent in the boxing match on HBO pay-per-view at Madison Square Garden on October 17, 2015?
Which magazine has wider scope of focus, In Touch Weekly or Moment?
Which anime television series aired 9 October 2016 was adapted by a Japanese animation studio founded by Mikihiro Iwata?
What additional feature does the AirPort Time Capsule have over the Airport Extreme in the Apple network product line-up?
Which American singer-songwriter who collaborated with Shel Silverstein had a number one single in 1985?
The soundtrack Heat was in the movie "Heat" with which actors?
Czech dish Svíčková is generally served with these dumplings that are usually made from what?
Debbie Van Kiekebelt won a gold in the pentathlon in what July 30 to August 13, 1971 sporting event?
What family of trees is the tree that grows in Alerce Costero National Park?
What work is the keynote speaker at the Future of Freedom Conference in 1969 known for?
What is the nickname of this author of the collection of 56 Marathi language songs chronologically describing events from the Indian Hindu epic?
What comic book did Adrienne Frost's Sister first appear in?
Which part did James Baller, a British actor play in Our Girl, a British television drama?
What positions does the most recent recipient of the NBA All-Star Game Most Valuable Player Award play?
When Robert Quiroga was the International Boxing Federation champion, how much did he weigh?
When were the Birthday Honours in respect to the King of the United Kingdom made?
Who has more scope of profession, Martin Fry or Mike Shinoda?
Which opera was first performed, Don Quichotte or Euridice?
What year was the person who invests in publicly traded North American corporate debt offerings and equities?
Between R.E.M. and Disciple which band was formed earlier?
What is the official designation of the building visible from the Morpeth Arms in a manner enabling spying?
Who worked with animation producer George Dunning and worked as Eric Porter's animation director?
Are Gas Huffer and Fastbacks from the same state?
Palestine is located on the shore of which Sea?
When was the peace treaty signed based on which Teutonic Knights suffered only minimal territorial losses?
What award as won by the director of the 2004 Norwegian drama film who starred a Norwegian actor who also had a supporting role in Ridley Scott's "The Martian"?
Was the namesake of the Ruskin Colony alive when the colony was founded?
Who starred in a television commercial with Chief Zee and also attended Indiana University?
"Photograph" is a song by Ringo Star released on his album that reached what number on the "Billboard" 200?
What kind of recorded work does American McGee's Alice and Lewis Carroll have in common?
At the 2016 Summer Olympics, Marija Ulitina defeated a former world number one, who reached that ranking in what year?
What was the name given to a series of pre-Christmas toyshop incidents in the United States in 1983?
US Airways Flight 1549 piloted by Chesley Sullenberger and Jeffrey Skiles struck a flock of geese near this bridge owned by Port Authority of what two states?
Chronicle of a Death Foretold stars an actress of what nationality?
What ranking does the man who Jonathan Brookins defeated on December 4, 2010 have in UFC lightweight rankings?
Which brother of Francisco Rodríguez Araya is known for his ability to deliver pinpoint crosses?
Gioachino Rossini and Alessandro Scarlatti are both what?
Which District was the niece of Martin Luther King Jr. the representative for?
Which rock band perform in an indoor sports arena located in the Near West Side neighborhood of Chicago, Illinois in 2005?
What job did both Ilse Rosenthal-Schneider and Max Planck have in common?
Which Sag Harbor Villiage District building is the best example of Egyptian Revival Style in the US today?
What inventions are credited to the person who has a street named after him that runs East and West through the city of Richmond, Virginia?
The Curtis Fling School was started by Glenn Curtiss to compete against the flying school of what brothers who made the first controlled, sustained flight of a powered, heavier-than-air aircraft on December 17, 1903?
The 2015 Oklahoma State Cowboys football team lost to which team in the Sugar Bowl?
Linda Eder starred in a musical horror drama that got her nominated for what?
Hitomi Soga married someone formerly what?
What type of collection does Etarcomol and Medb have in common?
The American film director, writer and producer known for "Kiss Me Deadly" (1955), "The Big Knife" (1955), etc. produced this 1964 American psychological thriller stars whom in her final film role?
Which adult animated sitcom created by Aaron McGruder stars comedian and actress Kym Whitley?
Both Jack Hill and Bernard McEveety are involved in what occupation?
Who built the first Garden City Hotel that is situated across the street from Garden City Railroad?
The racehorse Orme was trained by John Porter for a duke born in which year?
Who purchased a company that was originally founded on September 25, 1928 and know for developing wireless data network technology?
Who is the Enlglish film director and producer that was born in 1937 that is working on turning John Pearson's novel into a film?
Milan Sachs conducted the premiere of the play Jenůfa by the composer who was inspired by what types of music?
What did Nirvana do differently with "In Utero" that caused a documentary to be made about recording the album?
Which musician signed to Sire Records in 1987 was featured on the 1990 soundtrack album for the film Dick Tracy?
Kepler is a novel by an Irish novelist who was born in what year?
What documentary about the Gilgo Beach Killer debuted on November, 2016 on A&E?
Which dog breed, Tyrolean Hound or Braque Francais, are from a very old type of gun dog used for pointing the location of game birds for a hunter?
Jon Kortajarena has modeled for the fashion designer who launched his luxury brand in what year?
What job do both Ingeborg Bachmann and Jean Toomer have?
Which community center for the City & County of Honolulu was the 1991 NCAA Men's Volleyball Tournament played at?
At It Again contains lyrics co-written by the singer and actor from what city?
Are Landsford Canal and Orleans Canal both located in southern states?
Which canal is located in Washington D.C, Washington City Canal or Beardsley Canal?
Which film directed by Yoon Je-Kyoon has been compared to a 1999 American teen sex comedy film?
What Australian cricketer who retired after the 1948 English cricket season and widely acknowledged as the greatest batsman of all time often referred to?
On what album was Lonnie Melvin Tillis' song written by Bob Corbin?
The 2014 MW-V6 Pickup Series season included a dance party hosted by the actor who set a Guinness World Record as the most watched man on TV.?
Which English model and actress compete with other to find 'the face' of Max Factor?
The 2001 American science fiction film written by Richard Kelly casted what lead character?
Are Peter Curtis and Virginia Ruano Pascual the same nationality?
What is the birthdate of this American politician, poet, and long time Congressman from Minnesota, whose campaign manager was Blair Clark?
The show that originated in 1963 was originaly produced where?
What company produced both Follow Me, Boys! and The Finest Hours?
In what city did the 2011 direct-to-DVD American martial arts film, starring the actor who played Paul Lahote in "New Moon", premiere?
Apan Amar Apan was a film that had music composed by which Indian composer?
Where was the Republic Airline owned by Republic Airways Holdings headquartered?
What stadium is near both Palau de Gel and Mini Estadi in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain?
Where is the mountain in Geogia from which the Appalachian National Scenic Trail started and extended up to Mount Katahdin in Maine?
How many species are in the plant family that includes the vine Cucumis argenteus?
Between who was the battle fought in which Eadnoth the younger died?
Of the two, which has more enrolled students, University of Maryland, College Park, or Pacific Lutheran University?
In what county is the college that Joseph Hamilton served as the forth head football coach located?
This co-presenter of "Trainspotting Live" on BBC was born in 1959.?
What is the name of this Irish film and television actor from the film "A Hard Day's Night", who also acted in "Never Say Die"?
Hjördis Gunborg Schymberg was what type of operatic soprano voice that specializes in music that is distinguished by agile runs, leaps and trills?
Which professional tennis player is older, Stan Smith or Elena Likhovtseva?
What is the Italian translation of the fifth studio album by the Hong Kong-based rock duo formed by Julio Acconci and Dino Acconci?
Due to concern in regards to the visual appearance of a sacred mountain to Native Hawaiians, the Thirty Meter Telescope has been considered to be built in which alternative site in Spain?
Who died first Giuseppe Verdi or Paul Hindemith?
What Academy Award nominee starred in Miracle of the White Stallions?
Were Gunner Palace and Night Mail releasded in the same year?
Do U2 3D and The Tree That Remembers include political statements or stances?
Who was the seven-time World and Olympic medalist killed by John Eleuthere du Pont in January 1996?
Where are the headquarters of the bank Linnar Viik serves on the board of?
In what year was the author of "The Beauty Myth: How Images of Beauty Are Used Against Women" born?
In The Simpsons episode that debuted the character Snake Jailbird, Homer Simpson does what that embarrasses his wife?
Are Danny Shirley and Debbie Harry from the same country?
Jason Hooten is the head coach of the Men's Basketball team at a public institution of higher learning founded in what year?
La montaña sagrada was directed, written, produced, co-scored, co-edited by and starring the same man who wrote, scored, directed and starred in a film about a violent, black-clad gunfighter and his quest for what?
Which team plays at the park that American baseball pitcher Marcus Stroman calls his summer home?
Are both Richard Harding Davis and Ira Levin American writers?
Are Taylor Hawkins and Tomoko Kawase both actors?
The flag that was popularized in the Easter rising of 1916, has what three colors in it?
How high above sea level is Bok Tower Gardens located on Iron Mountain?
Who was the skating partner of "The Ice Panel" member replaced by Ruthie Henshall?
What is the name of this American cuisine which originated in the New England region of the United States, characterized by the use of seafood and dairy products with one popular dish being American chop suey?
The 1957 film "Cat Girl" was an unofficial remake of a 1942 horror film directed by who?
What movie was directed by an Italian director, former senator and distant relative of Leonardo da Vinci?
Which company released the recordrecord, whose video won Best Female Video at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards?
The 2011 Nobel Prize in Physics was partially awarded to which professor of physics from UC-Berkeley?
Are Corfield v. Coryell and Gonzales v. Carhart both circuit court cases?
Which film director is older, Gareth Evans or Hans Weingartner?
What does the name of the city where Estadio Alberto J. Armando is located translate to?
Who was the second husband of the sister of Ulf Tostesson?
Who has fought in the most championships, Tim Kennedy or Jason Miller?
A Life Too Short was a biography about the goalkeeper of what nationality?
Krishnadasi was a soap opera that had a title track sung by the musician who specializes in what type of music?
What former NBA star with the Philadelphia 76ers is now the captian and coach of a team in the BIG3?
Who was born first Mike Judge or Albert S. Rogell?
The nearest town to Sturt National Park had a population of what in 2011?
Which village hosts a temple dedicated to one of the principal deities of Hinduism?
Did Jesus Jones and Franz Ferdinand both play in the 2000s?
Tchaikovsky featured an actor acclaimed as what?
White People Renovating Houses was an episode of which animated sitcom, whose 21st season began in 2017?
Which persons home country, Josh Trank or Jan Troell, is closer to Canada?
What French author wrote the novel that the 1953 French-Italian film the wages of war was adapted from?
What was the nickname of the Detroit Tiger who finished #1 in 1915 in the American League in both runs batted in and total bases?
Nicole Mitchell Murphy was married to the comedian who was a regular cast member on what show?
Who is a screenwriter from Germany, Stanner E.V. Taylor or Herbert Selpin?
The Big JAB Middays feature Jim Rome and another whom is known for what?
What was the nationality of the designer or developed Spacemaster with Kevin Barrett?
Which filmmaker is most often identified woth the 1960's French film movement "La Nouvelle Vague", Jean-Luc Godard or Frances-Anne Solomon?
What book did Price Stern Sloan publish was written by David Berenbaum?
This motorcycle racer with over 100 race wins was the son of a motorcycle racer who died after what?
Named after this president, the soft toy sometimes with the nickname "Punkinhead"?
This Spanish film director is known for directing a mystery action thriller film that was an international co-production among who?
A famous actor/ writer who was born in 1954 was credited in which American television drama series was that aired in December 7, 2008?
Uwajimaya had a store from 1968-91 in the shopping mall in what Washington city?
Where in the park was the 3D science fiction film starring Michael Jackson located?
Which university is located further north, Lehigh University or North Carolina State University?
When was the kind of dance that The Jitterbug Stroll was choreographed developed?
Where were the Commonwealth Youth Games that Clyde Lewis competed in held?
The 2016 Waco Showdown took place in the county seat of what Texas county?
What album released on September 12, 1995, featured the shop 'Coffee Shop"?
The New York and Atlantic Railroad interchages in what hamlet and census-designated county of New York?
What was the population of the city where Woodward Avenue ends in 2010?
In what city did the Cincinnati Bengals draft Bennie Brazell in 2006?
SMP F4 Championship is a racing series based on what type of car?
Torre Catalano and D. W. Griffith were both what?
"Good Old Days" featured which American singer, songwriter and rapper born on March 1, 1987?
What was the given birth name of the founder of the band Samantha 7?
Are tennis players Corina Morariu and Mats Wilander from the same country?
How many universities does the conference, in which the Middlebury Panthers are included, consist of?
What did the star of Breaker! Breaker! do after serving in United States Air Force?
What is the population of the town which Christ Church is in the Dark Harbor district of?
When was there a new team in the Canandian Football League?
Which magazine, Ignite Your Faith or Disney Adventures, changed its name more times?
What nationality was the singer who hand wrote the lyrics shown on the inner sleeve of 39/Smooth?
Which American journalist born 1893 is known for having an affair with a United Tax Court Judge?
Are Claude Simon and John Braine both novelists?
From where is the artist who made the album containing the single "Sippy Cup"?
Nicky's Family is based on a man who the British dubbed as what?
What Argentinian company made the Ballester–Molina, and also manufactured aircraft, machinery, and vehicles?
What property does Rotary technology and Nickel have in common?
Do Gene Wolfe and Lorrie Moore share the same nationality?
From what years was Mansa Sandaki a mansa of an empire in West Africa?
Who has been performing for longer, Violent Femmes or Alex Clare?
In what city was the singer of the 2007 song Hate That I Love You born in?
Which Austrian was born first, Konrad Lorenz or Karl von Frisch?
FlatOut: Ultimate Carnage is an enhanced port of a game developed by who?
When was the platform game based on a film starring Sylvester Stallone released?
What role did the wife of Marc Mezinsky have from 2011 to 2014?
Full Circle included a cover of the song by which songwriter, musician, and actor?
What city was the man who replaced Anouk on "The Voice of Holland" born in?
BBC Yorkshire and Lincolnshire have their primary transmitter based in which broadcasting and telecommunications facility one mile west of the village of Donington?
Which former Governor of Arkansas was elected president the same year as the United States Senate elections in 1992?
What is the name of the river that comes out of the Appalachian mountains and runs past Embreeville, Tennessee?
Out of Italian Gaetano Donizetti or Czech Bedřich Smetana, which opera composer lived and worked earlier?
Troy McClure appears as the main character in the nineteenth episode of what season of the simpsons?
Which star of Poison Ivy received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations?
In which American music magazine that billed itself as "the ultimate guide to music and more" has Natalise appeared?
The American actor Logan Lerman appeared in this film directed by David Ayer that portrays which world event?
The Dewarists has featured the folk/fusion band who has which member on vocals and rhythm?
What agency of the United States was the Bureau that Josephine Sophia White Griffing did much of her work through?
Shahnoza Nazirova traveled to Icheon and Ansan, South Korea to compete in what sport and event?
From 1943-1945 William Helmore served as a Member od Parliament for a constituency currently represented by who?
Marie-Barbe de Boullongne was a philanthropist on what continent?
Were Songyuan and Shulan in the same province in China?
Which mayor featured in The Jazz of the City Atlanta currently serves as a member of the board of directors for Delta Air Lines?
Are Yangra and Labuche Kang part of the same mountain range, and if so what range?
What kind of films are The Times of Harvey Milk and Innocence?
In which city is the college Phillip Henry Bridenbaugh attended located?
Which building in Lower Manhattan, New York City is the tallest building in the United States and North America?
Do both Art Laboe and Sako Shahinian practice the same profession?
Who was the father of the emporer who established the Meissen Cathedral?
Inter IIT Sports Meet is the annual sports tournament of what autonomous public insititutes of higher education in India?
Vicious Lies and Dangerous Rumors featured a guest appearance by which rapper, actor, and model from Harlem?
What music label is also associated with the same manager responsible for Jimmy Spicer?
Who owns and operates the place where Why Is There Air? was recorded?
What military branch did 2013 All-Pac-12 star Pat Tillman enlist to in 2002?
Are both Martin Heidegger and José Echegaray engineers?
Gediminas Vičius plays for a second level football league that contains how many teams?
In what country are both Lost McLeod Mine and Bralorne?
Daniel Nestor and Mary Joe Fernández, played which sports to win many titles?
What banking group, founded in 1818, sponsors Club Sportive Sedan Ardennes?
What type of language morphology was the language of the Chatot tribe?
In between Steven Soderbergh and Rémi Lange who's film is "Omelette" (1998)?
What British-Irish film star was born on February 9, 1945?
What was the title of Frank Zappa's 1976 album featuring "Feed Her Finer"?
The NCR Corporation (originally National Cash Register) was taken over by what company in 1991?
What nomination did the "Vicky Donor" producer earn for his film "Jism"?
When did the president of the Cleveland Browns for the 2011 season serve as head coach of the Green Bay Packers?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the city in which Baking Powder Creek is located?
What type of profession does Michael Hofmann and Errol Morris have in common?
Gadsden Mall is anchored by Belk and a company founded in what year?
Where did the 2014 film Camp X-Ray, which starred a leading Twilight actress, debut?
What actor appeared in the CBS television series "Knots Landing" and the movie "Sweet Revenge"?
What is the population of Marie Battiste's First Nation?
Edmund Veesenmayer served under a senior the highest ranking officer in which part of the Nazi German army?
Are Pitcher plant and Viola both carnivorous plants?
In which year was the company for which C. Kyle Ranson served as President until May 2007 purchased by Image Holdings Corp.?
Which owner of Up has its hub at Ben Gurion Airport?
Jane Foole served as the Court Jester for Mary I of England from what date to what date?
"On-the-spot guidance" is a practice which has been made use of by the Chairman of what?
What is the population of the town that is home to a Shaker community established at the height of the Shaker Movement in The United States?
When did Amado Carrillo Fuentes assassinate his boss Rafael Aguilar Guajardo?
Who is older, Barbet Schroeder or Pablo Trapero?
Traveler's Rest is a stopping point of the trail that has what elevation?
I Cavalry Corps had a detached division that fought at the battle in which present-day country?
The 2010–11 Denver Nuggets season included a trade to the Knicks of the player who played college ball for which team?
Glacier Wind Farm is located in Glacier county and another county that had a population of what in 2010?
What corporation based in Superior, Wisconsin sponsored the 2010 AMA Pro Supersport Championship?
Who starred in the 2001 film Saving Silverman who was also in "Out of Sight" (1998), "Happy, Texas" (1999), "Riding in Cars with Boys" (2001)?
What 2004 film is the director of Yolki (a Russian comedy film), most famous for?
What was the 17th of the 19th block IIA satellites to be launched under the radio-navigation formerly known as "Navatstar"?
Who is the mother of Princess Carolina of Orange-Nassau and the daughter of King George II of Great Britain?
What is the original format of the series with the fictional character Trillian Astra?
Who was born first, William Jefferson Clinton or A. Vernon Weaver?
Which American retired professional basketball player featured in 1960 NBA Finals as member of Hall of Famers?
What hotel hosted "Criss Angel Believe" and is situated on the southern end of the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada?
When was the former Major League Baseball outfielder which DeWayne Wise robbed of a home run to preserve Mark Buehrle's perfect game in 2009 born?
What kind of venue audience did Eva Zimmermann's daughter perform cabaret artistry in?
If you want to see Cowbell Man at a New York Mets game, what bus would you take to get to Citi Field?
When was the American actress starred in "Where the Heart Is" born?
Which of the following is remembered best for Beau Geste: P. C. Wren or James Emanuel?
Danny Hugh Freeze Jr. coached Michael Oher and which other former American football defensive end born on July 28, 1988?
The defunct Naval Air Station Alameda is located in what city and state?
Which Disneyland park in Florida features the World Showcase that enables visitors to walk from Moroccan, through French and British to Canadian pavilions in minutes?
When was the movement that Edgar Bear Runner parlayed with in the 1970s founded?
Who produced the album Recess on March 18,2014 featuring the single Dirty Vibe?
This Republic, established in 1581 and the focus of The Secret Treaty of Dover, contained how many provinces?
What Southern League team, founded in 1881, featured player Tot Farnell?
Which character voiced by Kristen Bell is featured in Disneyland's A Christmas Fantasy Parade?
The lead singer for the pop rock band Maroon 5 was a returning coach on the fourth season of an American reality talent show that premied on what date?
In what year was the band whose vocalist was in the original line up of the band "Morbid" formed?
What professional football player was involved in an alleged sex part on October 6, 2005 and played college for Mississippi State University?
In 2007 Paddy Considine starred in Hot Fuzz, who was the director?
What type of media does Badges of Fury and The Sorcerer and the White Snake have in common?
Which university has more campuses, FPT University or University of Rhode Island?
What is the name of the actor who portrays the main protagonist in the 1997 police procedural television drama, broadcast on ITV1, that also featured the Irish actress who played Cruella De Vil in "Once Upon a Time"?
Were Underdog and Monkey Kingdom released in the same year?
Heather R. Mizeur lost the Democratic primary to what American lawyer and politician, who is currently serving as the U.S. Representative for Maryland's 4th congressional district?
Which Mary Mapes Dodge novel was adapted in 1910 for the film The Little Hero of Holland?
What was the actual first name of the man that defeated Walter Boasso?
What actor born on January 6, 1982 starred in a movie with Romola Garai and Bill Nighy in 2009?
Which political power nominated Adbul Rashid Dostum?
In what county was Elana Meyers Taylor raised?
Which company did Sir Charles William Dunstone formerly serve as chairman and also trades under the name Phone House?
Averell Spicer played college football at an university located in what city?
"One Man Band" ceased publication when?
What network did the America drama television series, which the owner of Spitfire Studio was involved in, air on?
Which president-elect did the French international cabaret singer Édith Piaf sing for in 1952, performing "Simply a Waltz"?
When was the founder of the Mission Basilica San Diego born?
Who is older, Bob Bryan or Mariaan de Swardt?
Which region borders on the southeast of the region that has a deep woods appreciation society?
Which is published more frequently, The People's Friend or Bust?
Prasutagus is best known as the husband of a queen who led an uprising against the occupying forces of what?
What British Prime Minister did Wilberforce serve under who became party leader in 1975?
Which conflict, peace, and development professional from Liberia found West Africa Network for Peacebuilding?
Which Definitely, Maybe star is from Australia?
Where did Yogi Berra gain his reputation as one of the greatest catchers in history, the Yankee Stadium or Jellystone Park?
What county home to The Protectworth Tavern?
Was the Battle of Okinawa and the Second Battle of the Marne conflicts in World War II?
My Little Grass Shack in Kealakekua, Hawaii is in a style whose name means what?
Eastlake was located just southwest of a 150 acre mine that became one of the most noted produces of what?
Which NHL team plays at home at the BB&T Center, which has previously been the National Car Rental Center and, in 2003, Office Depot Center?
Are the Palace of Blachernae and Aşiyan Museum located in the same city?
Who wrote a novel named after the most famous peak in the Great Balsam Mountains?
Which public university located on 355½ acres (1.4 km²) in unincorporated Prince George's County did Maryland Route 197 provided access to?
What state in East Asia is the city Taitung located?
What album did the song of which Taylor Swift premiered the music video of during the pre-show of the 2015 MTV Video Music Awards come from?
Which documentary film was made earlier, Thin or Reagan?
When was the song that "Gold Digger" samples first released?
Are Moloko Plus and El Presidente both alcoholic drinks?
The Lost City starred the actor and director who has been active since what year?
What UMTS-based mobile phone networks and Broadband internet Providers does Vidiator produce?
Agona Nkwanta is the capital of Ahanata west district in what region?
The content of the Mishnat ha-Middot resembles the work of this 1st Century AD Egyptian mathematician.?
Andrzej Sekuła shot the first two feature films by which acclaimed cult director?
What ethnic group does the incumbent who was challenged by R.J. Harris in the 2010 for the Republican Party nomination in the primary election for Oklahoma's 4th congressional district?
In what year was the right wing of the West Coast Express born?
Alfred Hitchcock film Under Capricorn, which was preceeded by Rope, was adapted to the screen by which person?
Who was the lead singer of the band Roger O'Donnell has performed with that was founded in London in February 1977?
The actress from "A Werewolf Boy" is in a new movie scheduled for release in what year?
Which magazine, Me Naiset or Peg's Paper still publishes magazines today?
Aside from the series that ranges from atomic numbers 89 to 103, what series is an exception to the rule that the number of valence electrons ranges from 0-8 electrons?
Who won the Kool Championship in the 1997 race utilizing Toyota's in-house engines?
Dennis Nicolaas Maria Bergkamp was described as a "dream for a striker" by a French professional footballer who spent eight years at a club where he is their all-time record what?
Which National Basketball Association team does this American business entrepreneur, to whom Richard Carr sold his shares of Arsenal in 2008, own?
Near which village, civil parish and post town in North Lincolnshire, England is Thornton Abbey located?
Neal, Kansas is just east of the county seat in Greenwood County, which has what population figure as of 2015?
Which actress born in 1974 stars in a 2010 remake of the 2008 French film "Pour Elle"?
What was the release date of an all-star collaborative album that included the work of the only three-time inductee to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Which band is based closer to Australia, Flight of the Conchords or Fake Problems?
The 1975 NHL Amateur Draft had a number-one selection made by the team in what Division of the Eastern Conference?
What was the population in 2010 of the county in which the city of Greenwood is located?
What year did the winner of the 1992 South African Grand Prix with the CART Indy Car World Series?
What sport did both Mary Carillo and Tímea Babos play?
Which district did James Comer represent before becoming the Agriculture Commissioner of Kentucky in 2012?
Which vocalist has worked under more band names, Jus Oborn or James Dewar?
When was Scott Suber former head coach at Mississippi State University inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame ?
Jack Reynolds won his first super bowl with the niners in which season?
Monadnock Regional High School serves a town in which New Hampshire county?
What is the real name of the first Elder of the Universe to appear in the Marvel Comic books?
Which magazine was released first, Fortune or Motor Trend?
What number Grand Master was the person for whom the DemOlay INternational organization is named?
Which produced more types of ore, Outpost Island Mine or Tundra Mine?
In which county is the Air Force base, at which the 402d Maintenance Wing is based, located?
Nnorom Azuonye was born in a state whose inhabitants are mostly which ethnic group?
What Texas county is Michael Graczyk based in?
What other product does Weston Bakeries sell, in addition to their bread?
The Miracle at Michigan included a pass that was caught by the player at what position?
The Fault in Our Stars is a romantic drama film that stars what American actress and activist that was born in San Bernardino County, California, and was raised in the Simi Valley?
Unbreakable contains which fictional security guard, portrayed by Bruce Willis?
What man, referred to as the successor to Carlos Valderrama, had a Giant South American grasshopper land on his arm after scoring a goal?
How many dance music does the writer of Gross-Wien Op. 440 composed?
Which of the online game developed by ZeniMax Media is published by Bethesda Softworks?
What is the real name of the singer who made a guest appearance in a 2014 mixtape released by Migos?
What song debuted in the October 27, 1999 episode of South Park?
In which province was the sponsor of Quilmes Rock founded in?
In what year was the person for whom the Linux Mark Institute administers the "Linux" trademark on behalf of born?
Between 681 and 669 BC, around the time Kaus-gabri ruled Edom, who was the King of Assyria?
Dana Holgorsen served under what coach that was at the University of Houston from 2007 to 2011?
Which of the two public figures Gerard Cafesjian or David Hedison is more well known for charity work?
Zota was a foe of the superhero appearing in comic books by which company?
What is the name of the boy's school that became the De Montfort, and a Centre of Vocational Excellence?
Are the Carlisle Cathedral and Bangor Cathedral both located in the United Kingdom?
What medical field do both MedStar Georgetown University Hospital and St. Elizabeths Hospital have?
Se ilden lyse (in English: Fire In Your Heart) is a single from which Norwegian soprano?
Are Ralph Nelson and Spencer Gordon Bennet both television directors?
When were the group, that provided vocals for 1974 hit TSOP, originally formed?
One example of a teletsunami was caused by the 1964 event also known as what holiday-themed occurrence?
What occurred first during the War of Austrian Succession, the Siege of Prague or the Jacobite rising in Scotland?
In what Ohio city does the highway which the northern terminus of Pennsylvania Route 75 interchanges with originate?
In what century were minstrel entertainers, such as John Hodges, popular?
What nationality was the female composer who came before Shirley Anne Walker?
Which poet's work has Lori Saint-Martin translated into French and has published seven autobiographies?
What does the structure whose operation was engaged by Great Wheel Corporation consist of?
What genre is the movie High Fidelity directed by Stephen Frears?
What was the name of the man who Carol Kane played the wife of who was a lovable-but-goofy mechanic in a television series?
Between Les Claypool and Dennis Locorriere, who had more diverse job experiences?
The grandfather of Duke Peter Alexandrovich was the Duke of what European dynasty of North German Origin?
Which player from "Fergie's Fledglings" was co-owner of Salford City?
The play Peter and Alice features a meeting between Alice Liddell and Peter Llewelyn Davies, best known as the source of the name for the title character in what play?
Both Vinnie Johnson and the 1989 NBA Finals are related to what sport?
Where are the studios, where the Muppet Shows were recorded, located?
What nationality is the actress who starred in "M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story" alongside Disha Patani and Anupam Kher?
Jung Dong-ha plays a role in a musical with lyrics by who?
The actor that played Louis Stevens in the Disney Channel series "Even Stevens" stars in what European two-part film?
The release of One Night in Vegas was one of the largest turnouts ever in the history of Silverbird theater in a mall that was commissioned on July 4, 2008, and is owned by who?
What number was almost given to the U.S. Route that travels over the Cairo Mississippi Bridge?
What date was Donté Dominic Greene drafted by the Memphis Grizzlies?
What type of music group released The Pulse EPs?
Who was the music partner of the artist who released Last Recording?
Kirsi Hannele Viilonen's career was launched in the late 1980s, inspired by the success of such busty international stars like which English singer, songwriter, actress and former glamour model born on April 15, 1966?
The Joint BioEnergy Institute includes participation from an American federal research facility funded by who?
Who reached a higher world ranking, Julien Benneteau or Arantxa Sánchez Vicario?
The Vegas Golden Knights play their home games at an arena that was a joint venture between MGM Resorts International and what company?
What term fits into the category genderqueer?
Who founded the central Spalding building that is a landmark on the fen tour?
"All the Way" is a song recorded by American band Timeflies and is an upbeat pop song with an electronic musical instrument that generates electric signals that are converted to what?
Edward C. Droste is a co-founder of an american restaurant chain that has a logo of which bird?
This song covered by Dr. John in 1972 was originally sung by which group?
What party does the governor that appointed Alton Davis belong to?
Which was earlier, the first year New Hampshire hosted the first primary, or the last time before 2008 Denver hosted the Democratic National Convention?
Who was born first Meyer Schapiro or Thomas Wolfe?
Fat Pat and DJ Screw were musical artists from Houston, Texas, and were both in a three-letter acronym band--what was the band's full name?
Who co-wrote the sci-fi adventure drama film High Life with Nick Laird?
Which documentary was filmed in the United States, A Story of Healing or The End of America?
Diarmuid Whelan wrote his doctoral thesis on the Irish politician whose opinion on the role of Britain in Ireland changed after what event?
This star of Ayal Njannalla was an actor and what else?
Who directed the remake of the movie that Richard C. Franklin was nominated for at the 63rd Academy Awards?
A 2011 film directed by Tom Owens is based on what franchise?
What year was the vocalist of Turn Around born?
Which athletics arena was coveted by three Premier League clubs before one from East London was selected to become its new tenant?
Did The Reflektor Tapes and Blackfish premiere at the same film festival?
Uroš Matić plays for Copenhagen which is a Danish football club founded in what year?
During his studies in Harvard Benjamin Darrow gained membership to a club founded in what year?
Little Giants starred the actor who is of what dual citizenry?
What is the name of the 1984 photograph taken by an American photographer that depicts an adolescent girl with green eyes in a red headscarf looking intensely at the camera?
Which one of the cities in Zihuatanejo de Azueta receive more tourists?
In what northern country was the Battle of Champions fought between Ackergill Tower and Girnigoe Castle?
What aviator born in 1925 was featured in Rocket Science?
In what year was the designer of the Shelby Series 1 born?
Which mountain is higher, Broad Peak or Skyang Kangri?
What type of publications are Ranger Rick and Parenting?
Duetto buffo di due gatti consists of this word or type of communication used by which animal?
Philip Henry Gosse argued that God must have created the Earth and what other affront to evolution?
Which cast in a comedy film inspired by a comic created by Warren Ellis and Cully Hamner, was born December 9, 1953?
Robert Eringer worked for the FBI in keeping surveillance on the activist accused of murdering whom?
The largest city in Uzbekistan hosted the World Sambo Championships in what year?
The Breda Mod. 5C was used by the Royal Italian Army in a colonial war that took place on what dates?
The Dog on the cover of Travel is Dangerous belongs to the band member that plays what?
Which musical act is better known for how it was named, Daniel Powter or McFly?
Which 7 foot tall, 325 lb basketball player missed the first 22 games of the 1995–96 NBA season?
Which Dutch nationalist and right-wing populist political party is Auke Zijlstra a member of?
Are Damn the Weather and Bijou both mixed drinks?
Who was more left-wing in his activities, Bob Avakian or Larry Gagosian?
In what war did the man who narrated The Great American West fight?
Europa lost the Booker Prize in 1997 to what novel that is a story about the childhood experiences of fraternal twins whose lives are destroyed by Love Laws?
Which dog is the national dog breed of Israel, Cimarrón Uruguayo or Canaan Dog?
Madden NFL 2002 features a former Minnesota Vikings quarterback who played college football at which school?
What band did the Coronation Street "Michelle Connor" actress win a place in?
Christian Cantamessa contributed to a video game about a death row prisoner forced to participate in a series of snuff films by doing what?
What was the nickname of the footballer whose brain injuries got significant attention in the film League of Denial?
Are both Call Me Lucky and Marjoe american films?
When was the co-lead of the South Korean drama Hospital ship who is also a drummer in the South Korean band CNBLUE born?
Which is a genus to more specie of flowering plant, Arenaria or Aucuba?
Who was born first, Reginald Denham or Jack Conway?
David Tennant was the voice of Scrooge McDuck in an American animated television series that was developed by Matt Youngberg and who else?
The Midwest Athletic Association was an intercollegiate athletic conference of institutions of higher education in the United States that were established before what year?
What movie was "Way Down We Go" connected to that was distributed by 20th Century Fox?
Which live release from the band Wings came first: Rockshow or Wings over America?
Is Tori Amos a member of american rock band Chagall Guevara?
Among Jimi Hendrix and Preston who officially reunited The Ordinary Boys and in 2015?
In what city was the final film of the man who played Herman Stiles on Evening Shade set?
Q1: Which actress played roles in both The Perfect Family and Bones?
For which Christmas song is the singer of The Cowgirl and the Dandy well known?
Borth Walney North and Barrow/Walney Island Airport are located in which country?
Who produced more albums, Thin White Rope or Graham Coxon?
Which is longer, the Lake Washington Ship Canal or the Colorado River Aqueduct?
The Nanny Diaries is a 2007 American comedy-drama film starring an American actor known for his superhero roles as what Fantastic Four characters?
What county in New York does Japanese Weekend School of New York have offices in?
Which award was won by John G. Avildsen after the death of Alice Guy-Blaché?
What was Peter Browngradt's best known animated television series based on?
Mark Adler is best known for authoring the Adler 32 checksum fuction and his contributions to what type of image format?
Annie Douglas Richards is a fictional character on a soap opera created by an American film and television producer whose successes included what TV program that ran from 1990-2000?
How did the son of the eldest child of the first U.S. Secretary of the Treasury die?
Dustin Brown, a professional player for the Los Angeles Kings, once gave a signed hockey stick to which Canadian National Hockey League linesman?
New York State Route 436 passes through a state park 35 mi southwest of what city?
Battle of the Buffet contained a studs-up challenge by which retired Dutch footballer?
In which oblasts of Ukraine did the Sparta Battalion fight the Ukrainian army?
Jürgen Habermas was chosen by the readers of a magazine as one of their favorites among the "world's leading thinkers.", What is the nationality of this magazine?
Which Argentine professional basketball player is Juan Pablo Vaulet compared to?
Where did the Oklahoma Sooners play their home games in the first year they won an Orange Bowl under Bob Stoops?
What is the name of this American aviator, military officer, author, inventor, explorer, and environmental activist, who was one of the historical figures encountered in the book The Smithsonian Institution?
What is the year of the event which occurred first, Michael Mantenuto was born, or Miracle was produced?
What is the first chapter in the book of amos?
Michelle Wie was the youngest player to win the US Women's Amateur Public Links and what other tournament?
Who was captured by a middle child in Treehouse of Horror III?
What band is the sister act of the singers of "One Nation Under a Groove"?
Which car that has an 8 in shorter wheelbase than the C215 coupé replaced another S-class in the late 90's?
Are Lake Memphremagog and Lake Prespa both freshwater lakes?
Coalition in the Netherlands was led in 1901 and 1905 by a founder of what Dutch religious group?
Which university's campus covers more acres, Oakland University or Hamdard University?
Michael Crichton and Nanni Moretti shared what three occupations?
What was the nationality of the band that released the album called Re-maintenance?
What was the name of the mascot for Herschel Walker's college football team?
During the Hunnic Invastion of 451 Flavius Aetius ended the invastion of a ruler who was the leader of the Huns, Alans and what other groups of people?
Willie Hayes is the former college basketball head coach for a university located in which city?
Where is the black university which Dexter Jackson played college football at located?
What is the name of the fourth album by the Icelandic band whose name is the Icelandic word for crepuscular ray?
Which hitter in the 1912 Cleveland Naps season was associated with the Black Sox Scandal?
Which opera has more acts, Arlecchino or La gazza ladra?
Piranha 3D has an ensemble cast, that includes an American actor who appeared in Pulp Fiction and Out of Sight, and has what accent?
The short documentary film "Chau, Beyond the Lines" is about a 16 year-old disabled by an defoliant chemical widely used by the U.S. Military who aspires to design what?
What actor, who first appeared in the Blackadder episode "The Foretelling" also played the role of Captain Darling in the same series?
One of the stars from "Getting Played" also co-hosted a talk show on what network?
What is the name of the studio founded by the host of Scene of the Crime?
Which star of "Live Free or Die" was born on March 20th, 1970?
When was the arena, which hosted the 2002 America East Men's Basketball Tournament, built?
Which route passes over a 12.52 mile road leading north to Carle Place in Nassau County, New York?
What award has been won twice by the artist who collaborated with Linda Ronstadt for the movie about Fievel Mousekewitz?
Guitars and Microphones is the debut studio solo album by which American vocalist, lyricist, and one of the singers and founding members of The B-52's?
What posthumous collection of essays by William Gaddis was published at the same time as Gaddis's last novel ublished posthumously in 2002 by Viking?
Where is a type of beer that uses a process similar to American wild ale brewed?
Which author of an American newspaper owned by tronc won the Pulitzer Prize in 1960 for International reporting?
Who was the director of NASA when a United States Marine Corps aviator circled the Earth three times?
What job did the composer of the World War II song "My Own America" do in the army?
Which director's films have been characterized as feminist works, Jehane Noujaim or Jack Hill?
What chain did Canadian Billionare Ronald Vaughan "Ron" Joyce found?
Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University is located in a city that received what ranking in a list of the world's fastest growing cities in 2011?
Who wrote the novel which inspired Mark Herman to write and direct "The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas"?
Where is the drama type of art which is very near to Chindu Bhagavatam is traditionally performed during what portion of the day?
Xin Hua the Mandarin speaking vocal was developed by a multinational corporation based in which country?
Leon Thau was an actor, TV producer and director, he had a part in a comedy which was the sixteenth in a series, they were both what?
Jonas Černius was appointed to be Prime Minister of Lithuania by an official in which government office?
The artist who released the debut album "Songs of a Love Affair" has recorded a total of how many albums?
What is shared by the official U.S. state song "The Song of Iowa" and the German Christmas song "O Tannenbaum"?
Are both University of Virginia and Baylor College of Medicine located in the United states?
Which Disney film was released first, Meet the Robinsons or Peter Pan?
Retired pro wrestler John "Bradshaw" Layfield created The Cabinet as a pro wrestling stable as part of what WWE brand?
What was the title of the book published in the U.K that discussed topics on the 2008 presidential election and the failed campaign of a former New York City Mayor?
What is the name of the judge on the competitive cooking show MasterChef Canada, who is nicknamed The Demon Chef?
Sarah Solemani is best known for starring in a BAFTA winning sitcom first broadcast on which channel?
What Major League Baseball team plays at Wrigley Field and has a player who won the Dick Howser Trophy?
In what year was the town where the Howard Centre is located founded as a garden city?
Where in New York City is the neighborhood that Zero Hour Records opened their studio Ground Zero?
Which congressional district has this American politician from Washington, for whom Jaime Herrera Beutler served as a Senior Legislative Aide, been representing since 2005?
Which team is Derek Landmesser head coach for?
What is the last name of the family in the Discovery Channel long running hit series produced by Mick Kaczorowski?
Which rock group has more band members in its core group, White Magic or Pale Saints?
What field did Lucy Maud Montgomery and Bruce Jay Friedman work in?
What is the name of the magazine that featured Sam Cooke and is a British men's magazine?
What area of the U. S. did these severe blizzards, that happened during the same year as Schoolhouse Blizzard, affect?
What genre of music is performed by a band from Bangor that had been supported by Mojo Fury?
Vortex Garten is a garden that alludes to the discovery of levitational force by the naturalist of what nationality?
Sher Alam Ibrahimi is a commander aligned with which former mujahideen?
Which is from farther west, Huntington Bancshares or Berkshire Hathaway?
The ballistics of the .260 Remington are basically similar to a cartridge developed in what year?
The Maharajah Jungle Trek is part of the theme park located near what major city?
Which university, Syracuse University or Baylor College of Medicine, can trace its roots to Genesee Wesleyan Seminary?
What hit film did Lee Eun-ju star in besides one about a police detective who investigates a murder case?
Which has more species, Morning glory or Dasylirion?
What actor who is known for his role in The Pagemaster as well as being the voice of Fred in Scooby Doo, voices the nibbler in Futurama?
Which town in York County, Maine, United States was part of Portsmouth Herald covered area?
Kappa Mikey and Edgar & Ellen are both shows that play on what network?
Kim Wall's body washed up on the beach of an island with how many inhabitants?
What Kansas county seat is the unincorporated community of Kalvesta, Kansas near to?
Do J. K. Rowling and Henri Bergson have the same nationality?
What prize in Physics has the inventor of the heterotransistor, who is the head of the St Petersburg Academic University won?
Which magazine was published first, Air Enthusiast or Air International?
In what year was the man who released "Billy the Rabbit" with Gyan born?
What is the Chinese name of the wife of the editor of the popular American magazine "Asia" who spent a significant portion of her life in Zhenjiang, China?
"Trg Republike Hrvatske" is one of the biggest squares in a city that lies at an elevation how far above sea level?
Which United States President did Alice Barrows serve?
Pecom 32 and Gradiente Expert are both what?
Are Jirair Hovnanian and Hrayr Shahinian both home builders?
Which round spectacle wearing basketball player played with the Lakers during the 1947-48 National Basketball League championship?
What philosophical concept of rebirth is a topic in the film Valley of Flowers?
What is the birthday of the American singer-songwriter who founded Windstar Records?
Who was born first, William Nigh, or Donald Cammell?
For what part did a star of Presumed Innocent when an Emmy Award in 1996?
HopSkipDrive is aimed at youth who are restricted from using the services of the hire company headquartered in what city?
Reggie Grimes played for New England Patriots in 2000, and where did he play college football?
What basketball games occuring in 1970 were held at the capital of Republic of Korea (South Korea)?
Who directed the film for which Nellie Bellflower was nominated for an Academy Award?
Who is the daughter of arguably the most distinguished man of letters in English history?
What is the population of the town in Maine that includes the village of Weeks Mills, through which the West Branch Sheepscot River flows?
Who voiced the new character, Barbie, in the 1999 comedy film Toy Story 2?
Q:What episode number is the second episode of the final season of the American sitcom overall? A: 186th?
What was the year of the second least active Atlantic hurricane season on record?
In what universe is writer's Brandon Sanderson's "Oathbringer" set?
What direction does Australian Grand Prix and Adelaide Street Circuit have in common?
What is the capital of the country of origin of Daniel Lioneye?
In which town is found the headquarters of the corporation founded by David Boris Pall?
While Danny Cooksey was acting in "Salute Your Shorts" and "Tiny Toon Adventures," he was also in a short-lived band called Bad4Good - what was the name of the band's only album?
Do the films Tar Creek and Rolling Papers have the same director?
Which is farther west, Tallahassee International Airport or Grand Canyon West Airport.?
Dysfunctional Friends starred this American actress, model and humanitarian Los Angeles who has portrayed who on the legal drama series "suits"?
Which computer animated film was released first, Khan Kluay or A Christmas Carol starring Jim Carrey?
What town in Troms county Norway, is home to the Kroken Church?
What sport was played by both František Čermák and John Austin?
In The Informant!, Matt Damon played the role of a man who was president of what division of Archer Daniels Midland?
Suzana S. Drobnjaković Ponti acted in a film loosely based on a book by who?
Who is the director of the 2013 European two-part art film for which Mia Goth is best known?
Which movie is based on a book, Darby O'Gill and the Little People and College Road Trip?
What is the estimated market capitalisation of the Indian conglomerate that sponsored the India men's national volleyball team along with Asics?
The song "Beautiful" is found on which Eminem album repeased in 2009?
What is the name of the traditional Japanese materials for wrapping gifts?
Brian Flores has worked with which head coach for the last 10 years?
Works by what man, who was part of the duo Simon & Garfunkel, were included in the 1967 Joan Baez album, Joan?
Poncha is a traditional alcoholic drink made with an ingredient which is derived from the word aguardiente?
When was the company founded by philanthropist which is Sellen Construction client established?
What is the father of Dorothea of Denmark's name in Swedish?
When was the Indian Prime minister who was also an amateur radio operator (VU2RG) born?
How many days did the riot on which Detroit was based lasted?
Peter J Pestillo is the former Chairman and CEO of Visteon based in a city in Wayne County, and that had a population of what in the 2010 cesus?
What was the famous film and TV series featuring U-Boat commander Alfred Radermacher?
The Hotel Sacher's specialty of the house is a dessert invented by who?
What is the plot of Colin Thiele's book Storm Boy?
Are Miss Marple and The Barefoot Executive both fictional characters?
An American actress, best known for her film choreography starred in a film that earned who a Razzie Award nomination for Worst New Star?
"Shot in the Dark" is a single from an album released by which record label?
30 Hudson Yards and Bank of America Tower are both located in which city?
Between Restrepo and Vanishing of the Bees, which film suggests a link between neonicotinoid pesticides and CCD?
At what number film festival was A Perfect Day screened?
Can the Astragalus and the Onion be eaten?
In which country have some of Dilip D'Souza's articles been published?
Jimmy Franks Recording Company was owned by which rapper and guitarist?
In Due Time featured the vocalist who hailed from what Rhode Island city?
Who is credited for The Internship role that corresponds to Akiva Schaffer's role for The Watch?
What is this intertidal zone in the southeastern part of the North Sea whose mudflat region is shielded by The Frisian Islands from the North Sea?
The Austrian band that released War of Ages in 2013 was originally formed when?
What was the official death count of the fire in which the Northern Pacific Depot was built one year after the previous depot was destroyed in?
When was the public statement by the British government during WW! announcing support for a home for Jewish people made?
Reunion is a sculpture by a man born in what year?
What WWE event happened during the period of June 22-25, 2007, which is the same weekend as another event involving a WWE wrestler?
John Strzemp is the Executive Vice President and Chief Administrative Officer of a publicly traded corporation based on the Las Vegas Strip that was founded in 2002 by who?
What do the characters Oblivion and Death both have in common?
What company is associated with both White Wilderness and The Mighty Ducks?
Abdullaziz Saeed Al-Dawsari was featured on the cover of the Middle Eastern edition of FIFA13 with a goalkeeper who plays for what country?
Who was born on December 5, 1932 and had song written for him by John Marascalco?
In which year the The National League of Professional Baseball Clubs was found with which William F. Klusman was played?
Anil Kumar Singh is a professor of Chemistry at what public engineering institution located in Powai, Mumbai, India?
When was the founder of the investment management firm founded in 1975 born?
What title was Felix Salten's most famous work originally published under?
Minor Old Testament prophet Nahum wrote about the Assyrian city of Nineveh, which lies on the banks of which river?
What was nickname for one of the originators of a quarterly English language literary magazine established in Paris in 1953?
Which artist, Aaron Lewis or Mark Rankin, went on to pursue a solo career?
Are Edward H. Griffith and Paula Heredia both filmmakers?
What year was the novel written which the 1931 film Huckleberry Finn was based upon?
Who founded the company that released the album Frederick - Volume One?
When Virgil wrote "quos ego", what branch of the Indo-European languages was he using?
Chaos Dragon is a Japanese media franchise based on a Japanese role-playing game and art what?
Which was decided first, Graham v. Florida or District of Columbia v. Heller?
What is the capital of the municipal district in Ghana containing the village Gbegbe?
Which French-Japanese and sushi restaurant is located within largest shopping mall in Hawaii?
Who founded a magazine that Mary Katharine Ham wrote for?
Are both ToryBoy The Movie and The Mouth of the Wolf award winning movies?
The European School, Munich, is currently located in which borough, which is also home to one of the most profitable shopping centers in Germany?
What Broadway performance earned one of the actresses in Jurassic World her role in "The Village"?
What was the name of the group of African-American military pilots who fought in World War II with prestigious members such as Harold K. Hoskins?
Up the Down Staircase was released as a film in 1967 starring which actress who passed away on December 31, 2001?
In which month was the prequel to "Tinker Bell and the Lost Treasure" released to DVD and Blu-ray?
Which film is also a Disney film, Condorman or Rob Roy, the Highland Rogue?
The protagonist of Jumper must escape several antagonists from what organization?
Which Becca album features a guest appearance by a Ghanaian traditional musician known for his unique style of music alongside the kologo?
Louise Bille-Brahe was a Danish courtier to the wife of what King?
The son of Police Chief Wiggum is chosen by a music producer to record songs containing subliminal messages about what?
What was succeeded by the Aston Martin DB6 and was released in 1963?
Where was the band that's breakup led to Friction Groove from?
Which magazine or journal prints more issues each year, Hot Rod or Democracy?
When the Roman emperor Titus was the first to succeed his own father, he ordered months of games to inaugurate the newly-completed arena now known by what name?
Were Fred Schneider and Thomas Anders bassists?
What was the series inspired by the appreciation of manual laborers that Wheat Field with Cypresses is a part of?
Which Racehorse was the daughter of the American Thoroughbred was the unofficial 1920 American Horse of the Year, considered one of the greatest racehorses of all time?
How far from the White House is the hotel where the Peace Conference of 1861 occurred?
Which case happened first, Marbury v. Madison or Smith v. Allwright?
Johanna von Koczian was offered a roll at a prominent festival of music and drama held within the birthplace of who?
Can both Pieris and Lechenaultia plants have leaves?
Janina Vilayet was a division created by merging a subdivision of the Ottoman Empire known as what?
Were both Richard C. Sarafian and Deran Sarafian both European film makers?
Ron-Robert Zieler is a part of a specific sports club, how many times has that sports club won the national championship?
The actress best known for her roles in the West End and Oliver frequented a Music Hall registered for what?
My Demon Lover starred the actor known as having a recurring role on what television program?
Which theatre that had a catastrophic fire on December 5, 1876 was formerly known as the Park theatre?
Gift of Screws was the fifth solo album released by Lindsey Buckongham who released how many solo albums?
Orson Welles's production of "Julius Ceasar" was a success at what theatre that reopened in 1937 after the depression?
Who was born first, Harjit Sajjan or Justin Trudeau?
How far off shore is the island that Nichidatsu Fujii's followers began their march on?
Are both Kamāl al-Dīn al-Fārisī and Avicenna considered scientists?
The Birmingham City Football Club beat Arsenal the 2–1 in the final with a goal from a footballer who played as a what?
What member of the Association of Australian Artistes appeared on Taggart?
Where did Grant Gregory play his home games in 2009?
What movie starring Jennifer Garner may have been influeced by a 1988 made for television film by American Broadcasting Company and Buena Vista Television?
How many flight does the station at which USS Harry S. Truman is currently homeported operate each year?
What role did the Italian actress born 22nd October 1965 have in the film Rain Man?
Some performance of Take a Bow took place near the bank of which river?
In which US state are restaurant chains Pizza Patrón and Chuck E. Cheese's both headquartered?
Are Wuhai and Fenyang both county-level cities?
Which 1995 film was the work of this English singer and songwriter, who co-produced "The Moment" featured?
John Williams wrote the music of the Harry Potter films; who is compared to him that wrote the video game score for Harry Potter video games as well as The Elder Scrolls?
What band with a rotating ensemble of musicians influenced Crazyhead?
In regards to their indigenous country, is the Tahltan Bear Dog's or Alopekis' closer to Italy?
In which modern country is the capital city of the civilization that had several generals named Hanno?
What state are both Chemung Canal and Love Canal located?
Which coach of the Washington Capitols, Tri-Cities Blackhawks, and Boston Celtics has an annual National Basketball Association's Coach of the Year trophy named in his honor?
Has Bob Lutz been ranked among the top-10 american tennis players more times than Sergi Bruguera?
What film starring Guy Pearce is based on a short story published in the March 2001 edition of "Esquire" magazine?
What theater did the company that Eliard Swanston worked for perform at?
What is the name of the house built in 1924 by a principal member of the De Stijl?
Are Lost Lemon Mine and McIntyre Mines both in Ontario?
What character did James Earl Jones voice in the 1994 American animated epic musical film produced by Don Hahn?
Carlo Buccirosso is best known for his role in an Italian art drama film that was screened in competition for what?
Former MLB player Joe Sambito graduate from a high school located in what county?
At what university have both Tamar Gendler and Vincent Scully worked?
What song did Whitney Avalon parody off of the 2010 "The Lady Killer" album?
Where is the National Park located that has both the Mother and Daughter seated sculpture and home of world famous Sand Diego Zoo?
What year was the actor born that starred in both Duel at Diablo and Space Cowboys?
Are both Muling and Zhangye a city of the same administrative level?
How long has the airline, that joined Mesa Air Group to found Henan Airlines, been a member of Star Alliance?
Which mine was discovered first, Burwash Mine or Lupin Mine?
The song All Lies by hip hop artist Charlie Baltimore features which rapper on the final recording?
Acta Crystallographica and Journal of Synchrotron Radiation are defined as what?
What is the nationality of the assistant coach of the Kolkata Knight Riders?
What king was being overthrown while Rupert Billingsley was a soldier?
What racing team that is co-owned by Jackie Chan that competes, in partnershp with Jota Sports and Arden International?
What is the average elevation of the sandstone plateau upon which the community of Beaty Crossroads, Alabama is built?
Who was the director of the 1987 American romantic comedy film written by the American screenwriter and producer who wrote "Outrageous Fortune"?
What network aired the sitcom that starred John Amos as the father of Lisa Wilkes?
What is the ABV for the distilled beverage that was a favorite of an overzealous sargeant in the song "The Hackler from the Grouse Hall"?
Which retired professional footballer was named as man of the match during the 2001 Intercontinental Cup?
Where is the tribe living on the Prairie Band Potawatomi Indian Reservation headquartered?
What is the name of the co-founder of Nike who named the home arena of the Oregon Ducks basketball teams after his son?
Which actor, most notable for playing Charlie Fairhead in the long-running BBC television medical drama series "Casualty," has an early appearance in Gonks Go Beat?
Which American author has recieved an International Horror Guild Award, Jonathan Kellerman or Peter Straub?
Is Quad City International Airport or Harrisburg International Airport further west?
Boyd County, Kentucky is located in what mountain range?
Where does the H-E-B grocery stores located expect U.S. state of Texas?
Which 1974 film directed by Michael Apted was the sequel of That'll Be the Day partially filmed on the Isle of Wight?
Mairead's fictional name is which main character from the 2012 Disney Pixar film "Brave"?
Then was the politician and economist which Portugal was under when he lent tacit support to Franco during the Civil War.born?
How many minutes did the current goalkeeper for Borussia Dortmund remain unbeaten at his previous club?
What is the year of the event which occured first, Poses was released, or Weekened Wogan was released?
What company develops mobile software products in the discipline that focuses upon the efficient and effective delivery of support services?
What was the wide release date of this 2006 American crime drama film written and directed by Nick Cassavetes, starring Charity Shea?
Is Jars of Clay or The Killers from further west?
How old was the artist that performed the EP 'Beautiful Eyes' when she released her debut studio album?
What label released the 1979 album that John Robertson worked on with Quincy Jones?
Joseph Edward Lauzon and Nate Diaz are both American mixed martial artists for what profession?
What was the topic of a 1985 letter written by Archbishop emeritus of Boston born November 4, 1931?
Sergei Alekseyevich Korovin was the Russian brother of Konstantin Alekseyevich Korovin, who was the leading Russian artist in what type of painting?
What type of organization does Mellow Mushroom and Gatti's Pizza have in common?
Vic & Anthony’s is an American steakhouse restaurant chain and is scheduled to open a fourth location inside the Golden Nugget Lake Charles, a casino in what waterfront city?
What movie by Park Chan-wook that deals with the themes of revenge, violence, and salvation is based on the Japanese manga written by Nobuaki Minegishi and Garon Tsuchiya?
When was founded Solé Bicycles by University of Southern California students?
Do both Central Illinois Regional Airport and Idaho Falls Regional Airport serve two cities each?
What Arizonia State football coach was once the boss of Major Applewhite?
Are both Johnnie To and Howard Zieff directors?
Which rock band is from Sweden, Blood Circus or Sahara Hotnights?
The company that published Shipwrecker also published what popular game series?
What is the mascot of the team in which the Hawaii Rainbow Warriors football team has a rivalry with?
Pseudaelurus is a successor to an extinct carnivoran felid that lived in Europe and Asia how long ago?
Which is a type of flowering plant, Rhaphidophora or Adenia?
Who did Paul Hindemith base a symphony about?
Who was born first, Alan James or Liam Lynch?
Lawrence Edward Roberts, Sr. is the father of the anchor of what ABC show?
Are both the University of Hartford and Adamson University public universities?
What is a movement an actor in A Flag is Born involved with for years?
Which15th Chief Justice of the United States owns a Writing Competition?
The score for "To Gillian on Her 37th Birthday" was composed by James Horner, known for his frequent motifs associated with what kind of traditional music?
Partizan Midi-Minuit produced a comedy film that was the directorial debut of who?
Beatty Airport is near a town in which Nevada county with a 2010 population of 43946?
Which of these men who have been to space is older, Ivan Bella or Jean-Jacques Favier?
Sabueso Español and English Foxhound are both what?
Jean Martinelli was the star of an Alfred Hitchcock film set in what resort location?
Pazham pori is a fritter food made by pulses with maida flour and cooking bananas also referred to as what?
What branch of armed forces, was the subject of "Battle Hymn of Lt. Calley" a member of?
The Athletics at the 1982 Asian Games were held in a stadium named after which individual?
What is the general geographical location of the US$10.6 billion bridge and tunnel project?
When was the American Theater Hall of Fame founded?
James Dodds McClelland was born in what city in Westchester County, New York, that is immediately to the north of what borough?
Which media and animation company do "Cars" and "The Little Mermaid" have in common?
What type of media does When the Levees Broke and Mala Mala have in common?
The Tim Robbins play "Embedded" pokes fun of which former Deputy Chief of Staff during the George W. Bush administration?
The author of Girl Guides, and the first Chief Scout of the Boy Scouts Association, was also the man who signed the charter to allow international scouts in which year?
In between Memorial University of Newfoundland and University of Pécs which one is the first university in Hungary?
What band with lead guitarist James McVey has Danny Majic written songs for?
Are Robert Clouse and John G. Avildsen from the same country?
Which state contains both The Venetian Resort and Madame Tussauds wax museum?
What method of the hybrid martial art Kajukenbo from Hawaii did American martial artist Charles Gaylord become known for?
What awards did the novel which precedes Count Zero win?
John O'Sullivan is currently the editor of what Australian monthly magazine that reviews literature as well as features essays on ideas such as politics, history, universities and the arts?
Who is the older composer, Bedřich Smetana or Pietro Mascagni?
Which of these is longer, Springfield Boulevard or New York State Route 25A?
What award did Scarlett Johansson win from starring in the 2003 film "Girl with a Pearl Earring"?
What kind of discipline is the design type that UXUS specializes in alongside hospitality design?
Who produced the 2004 Hong Kong action film which Maggie Lau starred in?
Which is a member of the sighthound family, Caucasian Shepherd Dog or Galgo Español?
Wellesley Farms is a rail station located in what Massachusetts county?
What GM W-platform car was offered until 2002?
What is the abbreviation for the highway that runs next to Dormansville?
What generation of a hybrid cat which is a cross between a serval and domestic cat is the first to be considered a domestic cat legally?
What type of animal did Borden Cheese use with the voice of Billie Lou Watt in their TV commercials?
Which university is located in a city situated on the electrified railway line in the Northeast megalpolis of the United States?
By being born, one is automatically assumed to be male or female although we are now seeing differences in this old assumption. What is the experience of one's own gender referred to as?
Who was coach of the No. 9-ranked team that was upset in the NCAA Tournament by the 2014-15 UAB Blazers men's basketball team?
Ceasair and Omnia are examples of what type of music?
The school Tim Jackson attended was a constituent of what college?
Which professional football club Jimmy Hannah played for was formed in 1879?
The series of poker tournaments sponsored by the corporation formerly known as "Harrah's entertainment" uses what playing cards as their official cards?
When was Kenneth Leith Halliwell's boyfriend born?
Are Alexander Ivanovich Mikhailov and Nikolay Mitrofanovich Krylov both Russian?
Doc Hudson is based on a car produced in which city?
In the miniseries "The New Edition Story" Bryshere Y. Gray played a rapper born in what year?
What is the name of this hamet and census designated place within the town of Bedford, New York, whose residents are served by The Katonah Metro North Railroad station?
The game designer and editor who has worked on a number of products for "Dungeons & Dragons" was the brand Manager for what?
Where is the University located in which Mark Garnett is the senior lecturer at the Department of of Politics Philosophy and Religion?
Willis & Geiger Outfitters outfitted which female aviation pioneer who helped form the WAAC?
Who won the team championship for a 1936 competition held at a site named a Chicago Landmark on October 27,1971?
The designer of the Holy Trinity Church pioneered the use of what material in church building?
Between Sofia Kovalevskaya and Maxim Kontsevich, who held a faculty position at more universities?
What operational unit does Frederick Tees and The Dam Busters have in common?
Were both Grinnell College and University of Virginia founded in the 18th century?
What is the term which differentiate the Apple A7 and Apple A8 system on a chips?
What popularized the cartoon character who released the song "Ein Lama in Yokohama" in Europe?
When did a Republican, junior, US Senator from Oklahoma accuse the National Science Foundation of poor management and research?
The Miracle Violence Connection consisted of the wrestler who competed at what college?
Morgan Carroll unsuccessfully ran against Mike Coffman for which of Colorado's congressional district?
Where was the actress who played the Priest's niece born?
Which poet that Stanisław Barańczak did a English-to-Polish translation of was a Jesuit priest?
What song did the female vocalist for the hip hop group The Black Eyed Peas release on September 22, 2017?
Revista H, also known as H Para Hombres, is known for its revealing pictorials and can be compared to FHM or what other magazine?
What was the length of the fault rupture in the earthquake for which Kenji Satake worked with other scientists to pinpoint a date, time, and location for?
Where did the winners of the 2017 Canadian Olympic Curling Trials go on to represent Canada?
Where does the primary venue of The Adelaide Symphony Orchestra located?
What major award did the writer of Men at Work: The Craft of Baseball win in 1977?
Rome was named the 4th most desirable city to visit in the world in a 2007 edition of a magazine based in what city?
How did Oluf Christian Dietrichson and Fridtjof Nansen travel across the Greeland interior in 1888?
Which hotel in Cleveland is a part of the Tower City Center mixed-use complex instead of the one Robert F. Kennedy delivered a speech in front of in 1968?
Which documentary was made first, Shore Things or Man on Wire?
Who besides Robert Novak was involved in the Plame affair?
Panama Pacifico International Airport's first commerical airline service is partly owned by who?
What award did the producer of the 2010 French film starring Lambert Wilson and Michael Lonsdale win for that film?
When did the team, which Pecka plays as a defensive midfielder, begin their first innagural season?
How many nominations for Academy Awards did this English actor receive who starred in "Music from Another Room" (1998) and was named a knight of the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 2007?
The genuses Paliurus and Jovibarba are what types of plants?
This far-right, anti-government American organization who supported the defendant in a trial over the violation of 18 U.S.C. § 922(o), claims a a membership of how many people?
Just Because! is a series that will be streamed on an American electronic commerce and cloud computing company that is based in Seattle, and was founded by who?
Between Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport and Williamson County Regional Airport, which airport was renamed to honor veterans and better reflect the regional nature of the airport?
Gibril, which is the quivalent of the traditional Arabic transliteration Jibril, means what in the Abrahamic religions?
Who directed the 1996 feature film adaptation of the book on which "Matilda the Musical" is based?
This band that sang the song written by Barry Mann and Cynthia originally for The Animals is an American rock band that had what Platinum-certified classic No. 1 single?
Germantown is along what policital barrier?
Which novelist, Malcolm Lowry or Joseph Wambaugh, was born first?
How old is the actor who started in the 1957 American drama film, "Old Yeller".?
The Mint stars what American television personality who was one of the eight main cast members of Jersey Shore, and made an appearance on TNA Impact!?
Is Ateneo de Davao University or Bohol Island State University in a city containing more letters?
What was the contribution made by de Graaff to the technology John Trump and Robert Van de Graaff developed together?
Who was the vocalist after the Light the Torch singer, who sang on the Disarm the Descent album?
What 45 acre neighborhood is north of the South End-Groesbeckville Historic Distric?
Michael Kozlowski handled the career of an Israeli professional boxer who held the WBA super welterweight title in what year?
What English rock band headlined Oxegen '08?
What English rock band, formed in 1995 by Dominic Scott, performs the song "Try Again"?
Which documentary film featured the Democrat who won a record four presidential elections?
Are Mattel and Commodore 128 both involved in electronics?
Who was William Stephens Smith's wife named after?
How many room did the hotel near The Fremont Street Experience have when it opened in 1975?
Actor Larry Bishop's famous father was an entertainer and member of which showbiz collective?
Mandalay Bay Events Center is on the stretch of South Las Vegas Boulevard in what county?
Right Now Kapow was created by one of the creators of a magazine-based show that premiered on what station on September 6, 2010?
Michelle King and her husband wrote a legal drama series which was praised for what season?
Has Vic Ruggiero played in more bands than Lindsey Buckingham?
Which company designed and built the DAF 46 for DAF?
The Tulliallan Castle which is The Scottish Police College is located in what city?
In game theory, what notable work was developed by the American mathematician Merrill M. Flood that exemplifies why two individuals might find it hard to cooperate against their best interest?
When was the American psychological horror film, starring Matthew Libatique, released?
What was Jacques Cartier searching for when he arrived at the Ottawa River that would give him a passage to the Pacific Ocean?
Which albulm is Rihanna's previous singles in?
Who won more singles titles, Steffi Graf or Heinz Günthardt?
Ramón Antonio García Fortunato played during 1996 for which American professional baseball team and are based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin?
Which cast member from the original 1984 movie made a cameo appearance in the 2016 comedy remake?
Which anime series was voiced by Todd Michael Haberkorn and was illustrated by Atsushi Okubo?
Consider the actor portraying the vaillain in a 2017 television series starring Park Bo-young. When were they born?
What conference did Bilal Powell play college football in?
Taylor the Latte Boy's singer is also known for having a role in which NBC show?
Were Irving Rapper and John Ince both film directors?
Which house of the Nevada legislature is Olivia Diaz a member of?
British Hong Kong was under British Crown rule from 1841-1997. From 1856-1860 the British Empire was against the Qing Dynasty of China with what other Empire?
What is family name of this herb that grows on the Scratchgravel Hills in Montana?
Are both The State University of New York at New Paltz and City College of New York located in New York City?
Who directed the movie that Shadia Simmons starred in as Piper Dellums?
Who has more scope of profession, E. L. Doctorow or Julia Peterkin?
What country was the film in which one of the best known Latin American movie stars of the 1940s and 1950s, and Martine Carol starred in, set in?
Vienna In Love has been influenced by which band formed in Crawley, West Sussex?
The 1988 FA Cup Final was the culmination of season number what of the Football League?
When did the first captain of the Karachi Kings in 2016 announce his retirement from Test cricket?
The 2017 DC Animated Universe comic released in 2017 appeared at what Comic-Con?
Party Mix! was by the band from what genre?
The Wizard was the B-side of the title track from the Black Sabbath album released in what month?
Which old-time banjo player, who recorded for Folkways Records, influenced Fleming Brown?
Premier League forward Dominic Calvert Levin scored the winning goal of the 2017 U20 World Cup for which country?
A star of “Angel Eyes” also starred in what television drama in 2007?
What Kim Go-eun film was a South Korean martial arts/romance?
What province is the airport at which Groninger Luchtvaart Maatschappij aimed to start operations located in?
In 2014, Ronald Koeman replaced what former footballer from Argentina as manager of Southampton F.C.?
What character did Casey Kasem portray in What's New, Scooby-Doo?
What former top scoring striker for Watford F.C. was sold in January 2008 to another team?
Concertos for Four Violins was composed by this man who went to University to study law?
Which character, an elder sister, was played by Melissa Sue Anderson in the NBC series "Little House on the Prairie"?
The U.S. Repeating Arms Company is known for developing what kind of rifle action?
Who was teacher of the composer of Faschingsschwank aus Wien?
What act named Henry VIII "Supreme Head" of the Church in England?
Adam Smith University was founded by Dr. Donald Grunewald, who was president of what college in Dobbs Ferry, New York?
In 2004 The song "Fame" finished at #51 on a list that was unveiled during a CBS tv special hosted by who?
Which Battle took place first Second Battle of Bull Run or Battle of Okinawa?
What did the Prema Powerteam win with the 2014 Formula Renault 3.5 Series runner-up?
When was the choreographer of Swinging on a Star born?
Letters from a Porcupne is a 1996 documentary film that was made from footage of an American rock band that was best known for what 1993 single?
What sex comedy film has Stephen Tibbo been a sound mixer for?
Which American writer and researcher born in 1874 proposed the existence of a dimension into which lost things go and called it The Super-Sargasso Sea?
Which Film is newer, Follow Me, Boys! or Remember the Titans?
Were both Family Health and ROCKRGRL targeted to female audiences?
Which vocalist left the band whose fourth full-length album is Destroyer?
What movie did the American Actress and philanthropist, who had her breakout role in "Tanner Hall", also have a role in with Sunny Pawar?
Which artist started recording/performing earlier David Donato or Moya Brennan?
The Far Horizons is a film about which expedition that encountered help from Sacagawea?
What wars did the division of which Steven N. Wickstrom is a commander serve in?
The tragic hero in The Great Santini is based on a novel by who?
Were Pavel Alexandrov and Valentin Turchin were both what?
Cute Poison are words on the tattoo by which British-American actor and star of Prison Break?
The Frankenstadion and Max-Morlock-Stadion are located in which German city?
Which film came out first, "Into the Woods" or "Queen of Katwe"?
The timeline of the Casey Anthony case chronicles the events surrounding the death of a baby born in which year?
Which armed movements dedicated to Irish republicanism did one of its terrorist meet up in London to assassinate an Israeli nuclear scientist?
A Tale of 2 Citiez was a song from the album released on what date?
Who is an American businessman and had a court case dealing with what Center?
Barry K. Sullivan's predecessor, Harroun, was appointed by which former American congressman who served as the 51st Speaker of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007?
Is Liverpool found in northern or southern England?
Steve Jobs was the founder, chairman, and CEO of a company based in what California city?
What profession does James Kakalios and The Physics of Superheroes have in common?
Which of the following is best known for the farce "Noises Off": Michael Frayn or David Malouf?
What competition was won in 2009 by the village in which St Bartholomew's Church, on the National Heritage List, is located?
Which breed existed first, Chesapeake Bay Retriever and Alaunt?
Which regions in Europe was this type of Salumi, which is cured sausage consisting of fermented and air-dried meat, popular historically?
R. Pichumani Iyer was the winner of a prestigious award given for excellence in which field?
Who is older, Laura Dern or Peggy Feury?
What is the population of the town where Matthew Butturini was born>?
What do both Hyomin and Jaren Johnston do?
Which French- and Arabic-speaking country was the first in Africa to air its own version of the TV show "Deal or No Deal"?
Who is the star of "Swimming Pool" who also has appeared in "Scooby-Doo" and "Wedding Crashers"?
Which 2006 British fictional drama film did Peter Morgan wrote?
After releasing her fourth studio album, Only One in the World, what musical did Heather Headley debut in?
Where did the murder that is the subject of Chapter 27 take place?
Where did the band that released nowhere form?
Love. Angel. Music. Baby. included a collaboration with which American producer and actor?
The book "Very Much a Lady" is by a journalist who passed away in which year?
During the 1960 Summer Olympics, Wilma Rudolph became a world renowned star along with which former National Basketball Association player who played for the Cincinnati Royals and Milwaukee Bucks?
Who wrote the episode of "30 Rock" which guest starred theman who played the role of Goerge Oscar "Gob" Bluth II in "Arrested Development"?
What animated series has the same name as a Canadian-American actor born April 18, 1953?
The summit area of Breed's Hill is the location of a monument that is how tall?
What type of specialist school is the lead member of the seven academy schools in Lincolnshire, England?
Who played Barbara Windsor in the film "Cor, Blimey!"?
Who was first part of "Marion & Marit" has transitioned to a solo career?
Which was founded first, Manipal Institute of Technology or University at Buffalo?
The district of Diekirch is located in Western Europe; what country shares its border to the South?
Who is more european, Ana Ivanovic or Jimmy Arias?
Loring Commerce Centre was developed from the former installation in what county?
Which construction company built the largest airport in the Upper Midwest region of Minnesota, Iowa, Nebraska, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wisconsin?
ShopBack is affiliated with which Indian electronic payment brand?
In God We Trust is a 2013 a documentary about the secretary to a man that was the former non-executive chariman of what market?
As an American larger, was is the main adjunct used to produce Budweiser?
The actor tha plays Jules Maigret in the ITV serial "Maigret" plays a supporting role in a 2003 film starring Dylan Moran that was directed by who?
Where do the team for which Eloi plays hold their home matches?
Yovee has a sound that is similar to the British-American rock band formed in London in what year?
The first winner of EFL Young Player of the Month plays for what national team?
Which building in New York City is taller, Trump Palace Condominiums or 70 Pine Street?
Kensuke "Power Warrior" Sasaki often teamed with The Road Warriors in which sport?
Gerard Brantsen was one of the Dutch signatories to the treaty ending a war that began in what year?
Kim Sung-soo acted in an erotic film whose entire score was based on a digitally remastered recording of what?
Are Brigitte and Essence both magazine publications?
Which sitcom was developed by Elizabeth Meriwether and starred Claire Titelman?
What song by the band Ultravox sold more copies than the first Lennon single issued after his death?
Which computer sold in 1985 ran Aztec C?
Reggie Theus was the assistant coach for what man who had coached in the NBA?
What former Mexican drug lord is the nephew of the former leader of the Gulf Cartel (Spanish: "Cártel del Golfo") and Los Zetas?
Do both Nickelodeon Magazine and The Advocate have the same audience bases?
Are André Breton and Richard Ford of the same nationality?
In the 2015 Australian Open, the defending champion had reached a career high ranking of what?
Which Welsh professional footballer and manager succeeded Kevin Blackwell as manager of Sheffield United?
What actress graduated high school in 2007 and starred in Roger Corman's first 3D production?
Jack Gold was part of a tradition whose protagonists usually could be described as what?
What is that name of the guide that Rene Redepi received the 2 star rating from.?
How many years did the winner of the United Kingdom general election in 1955 serve?
Who was the director of the 2005 American science fiction-thriller film, in which the actress whose likeness and image were used for the character Cate Archer in the computer game "No One Lives Forever", appeared?
Which headlined event did Romy Ruyssen face off against a Dutch martial artist at?
Who was the featured singer in Katy Perry's song "E.T."?
Which band is English, The Stranglers or Iamamiwhoami?
What was the nationality of the winner of the 2007 Masters of Formula 3?
When was the remixed version of the song released which is by Taylor Swift featuring Kendrick Lamar from her fifth studio album "1989"?
Which country‘s show is the series ITV show that Nadia Forde participated present?
When did the railway line servicing Exeter and a suburb 14 km north-west of Adelaide close?
What is the name of the United Football League team for which former NFL player Edgerton Hartwell payed?
When was the event held that "Sieranevada" was selected to compete for the Palme d'Or at?
What state in Somalia does Taleh belong?
What company marketed and sold the Lincoln Continental Mark V?
When Vladimir Kashpur portrayed Baba Yaga she was one of how many sisters?
Where was the starting city of the concert tour for Taylor Swift's studio album that followed her album "Speak Now"?
David Ayer directed the 2014 action thriller film "Sabotage" and what other film that was released the same year?
Who was born first, Fabián Bielinsky or Brian Helgeland?
The Atlanta Falcons Cheerleaders perform during home games at a stadium that replaced what stadium in 2016?
Where was one producer for Teen Angel, ALF and The Tonight Shoe Starring Johnny Carson from?
At what location was the NBA draft held in which Al Jefferson was drafted by the Boston Celtics?
How many students does Delphi Community High School serve in Indiana?
What is the third race after European and African that describes this multi-racial people for whom Vardy Community School provided education to in the late-19th and early-20th centuries?
Wilmington Trust was founded by an American engineer and politician who serves as a United States Senator from what state?
Who was an expatriate, Paul Bowles or Lawrence Durrell?
When was the operational conversion unit of the aerial warfare branch of the Australian Defence Force formed?
Among two literary figures, Robert Stone and Paul Heyse, who was born earlier?
What song did John Lennon write in his house at Menlove Avenue that lead The Beatles to a commercial breakthrough prior to the release of "She Loves You"?
Who co-wrote and directed the 2007 film in which Dave Foley co-starred with a Canadian character actor?
The brother of Elvira Wayans, born in 1960, is known for getting his breakthrough on what show?
Upper Manya is located in a district of south Ghana that split in what year?
Who was born earliest, Joseph Williams or Minoru Niihara?
In between Patricia Highsmith and Donald Harington, who's first novel was "Strangers on a Train"?
Who was a domestic cricketer for South Australia and Worcestershire who died before the first Test match of the Indian cricket team's tour in 2014?
Which team did the son of head coach of the Tulane University men's basketball team play for early in his career?
EqualityMaine was founded after a homophobic attack on two males were attacked in 1984, where which victim escaped?
Stewart Nozette is serving time at what prison for male inmates in Indiana?
What largest single revolt by Jews that proceeded the Bialystok Ghetto Uprising?
What was the 1975 debut album of the author that wrote "The Coral Sea"?
Melbourne Central railway station feeds into which main metro station that serves the entire metropolitan rail network?
Wilhelm Molterer was born in the city located in what Austrian federal state?
What kind of content is LaIsha and Allure?
What Scottish nobleman was the subject of a 1934 British short documentary and was the first man to fly over Mount Everest?
What kind of online publication named Sorry to Bother You the year's fifth best hip hop album?
Are the films Finders Keepers and Why We Fight different genres?
Sarajevo, the birthplace of footballer Ensar Arifović, is situated along what river?
The trainer for the #7 UFC bantamweight is also a police officer for which department?
The company which developed Disk Wars in 1999 is based in in what location?
In which year did the cricketer who took a hat-trick of wickets in the 2015 Royal London One-Day Cup Final make his first class debut?
What channel can you watch George Paul Blagden perform on television on in the U.S.?
Which character Christopher Orme Plummer potrayed in a 1999 American drama film directed by Michael Mann?
Influential urban-renewal activist Jane Jacobs had a prize named after her awarded for civic projects in which Canadian city?
Cincinnatus was named after a leader who exhibited what Roman virtue?
Rectrix Aviation's jet charter business involves what service?
Packard, Kentucky once had a railway station on a railroad that operates in which part of the United States?
Which classification level is both Butea and Cynoglossum?
What type of competition was the 1963-64 Yugoslav Cup, also named honoring a Slavic communist statesman?
What was St. Augustine's nickname for a 2nd Century AD story whose characters appeared in Greek art in the 4th century BC?
Are Paul Mazursky and John Lasseter both directors?
The Wonder Twins appeared in what animated television series based on a DC Comics fictional superhero team?
Who voices one of the main characters in the film for which Goe Verbinski won the Academy Award for Best Animated Feature in 2012?
Mayhem's lineup changed because of the murder of which founder of the early Norwegian black metal scene?
In the "Lost" episode "The Variable" Dr. Burke is being chased by whom?
Which school has a longer name under which it was founded, Brown University or Columbia University?
How many books were illustrated each Christmas for eight years by the man who, along with Walter Crane and Kate Greenaway, was among the strongest contributors to the child's nursery motif for during the 19th century?
Malcom Glazer along with trying to own a potential NFL expansion team also owned what Premier League team?
How many teams perform in the UEFA league group that precedes the knockout phase?
When was the drummer which was one of the member featured in Tribe of Judah born?
What group owns 170 beer brands and employed artist Leo Beukeboom?
What is the formal name of the trail the book "Monkey Town" is based on?
Which artist was born earlier? Jerry Garcia or Danny Elfman?
Are the Illinois and Michigan Canal and North Shore Channel both located in the US?
Julius Kahn, an engineer and inventor was born in what Country?
Which football hall of fame was the head coach of the 1968 Minnesota Vikings elected to first?
When was the second pitcher to reach 3000 strikeouts elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame?
June Buchanan was the co-founder of what type of college?
Which d20 and OGL-based role-playing game won nominations for the Diana Jones Award and 4 ENnie Awards in 2006?
Are Orlando Melbourne International Airport and Golden Triangle Regional Airport both US airports?
Deltora Quest is a Japanese anime series that made its Pakistani Debut in the late 2010 on which cable and satellite television channel?
Which person became a band member earlier: Lee Donghae or Anthony Kiedis?
Which director; Joris Ivens and Lew Landers, was born in November?
What English football team is also known as the Vanarama National League North and has Reece Hands on the roster?
Are the films Underdog and Mary Poppins Returns both musical films?
Who is the Italian teammate of the four-time 500cc motorcycle World Champion who won the title in 1956, 1958, 1959, and 1960?
Kweisi Mfume lost a primary campaign for the United States Senate seat that was being vacated by which American politician and attorney?
Which director is older, Kostas Andritsos or Matt Reeves?
As of the 2010 United States Census, what was the population of the the city located 3 miles southwest of Winn Airport?
Who has starred in more musicals, Jo Kwon or Bada?
Are both musicians Charlie Harper and James Dewar British?
The same person who hosted the television natural history series "Life on Earth also wrote the book "The Rape of Europa"?
George Ogilvy, 3rd Lord Banff died in which Scottish parish?
The album "Greatest Hits" by Crosby, Stills & Nash was dedicated to what Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee?
What does the road that junctions with the road that Kimbolton, Herefordshire is on traverse?
Do both Regina Spektor and Sons of Day specialize in similar types of music?
Which instructor at Nova Southeastern University a.k.a. "NSU" is described as "the Father of Underwater Archaeology"?
Was Arrigo Boito the librettist for both Mefistofele and L'Orfeo?
Did Ron Dundas play a football position for the offense or defense?
What company publishes a Star Trek game that has gone through two different incarnations?
Where both Games Magazine and The General published by Games Publications?
How many students were enrolled in 2015 in the university that Anna Chao Pai taught at?
Which has more species, Ecballium or Brownea?
Who was Troels Svane taught by that was born 28 May 1923?
What wrestler has a brother (also a wrestler) who performed with Tammy Sytch acting as his valet?
Where is the castle that John Crabbe defended againt English forces in 1318?
What is the birthdate of this soprano singer in opera and musical theater, who sang her first solo guided by this Dutch violinist and conductor best known for creating the waltz-playing Johann Strauss Orchestra?
Who lost his legs in a bombing on April 15, 2013?
When was the King of England died who approved the Magna Carta?
Paul Hindemith and Louis-Hector Berlioz were composers of orchestral works; which composer was known for his works during the Romantic period?
"Cold North Killers: Canadian Serial Murder" is a 2012 Canadian non-fiction book that documents the lives of sixty Canadian serial killers one of whom was a former what?
An icelandic professional strongman plays a character nicknamed "The Mountain" in what series of novels?
Transcendence stars this actress who also appeared in the Netflix show "House of Cards"?
Alex Doduk voiced Jake Spankenheimer in a Canadian–American animated Christmas special directed by who?
Lou Lung Pai was CEO of what American energy, commodities, and services company based in Houston, Texas?
What year did the play Carrie Hamilton wrote with her mother run?
What band fired it's lead vocals in 2013?
What kind of film is the film that was based on a 2001 novel with the same name and stars an American actress and director that was nominated twice for a Tony Award?
School Dance stars which actress who played numerous roles on the soap opera, "If Loving You Is Wrong"?
According to tradition of the historic church St. Mary-le-Bow, the city dweller must be born within earshot of what?
Which Electrical Engineer appeared in writer and director Farhan Akhtar's first film?
What grand prize was one by a photgrapher featured in the magazine founded in 1968 as a competitor to "The New Yorker"?
Who was born first, Dean Buffalini or Joe Diffie?
According to the 2016 Census, what is the population of the suburb in which the Mayfields bar where the band Man Bites God was first spotted playing by Dan Brodie is located?
How much did the director of Die Hard 2 bring in from his 1993 movie about a mountain climber?
Which magazine, Wired or Reason, have had more international spinoffs?
Which band contained more artists, The Verve or Shihad?
Both the 1991 adaption of Beauty and the Beast and The Muppet Christmas Carol were released by what company?
Liz Rose co-wrote the Taylor Swift song that was produced by whom?
What was formed farther east, The Ocean Blue or The Dandy Warhols?
Which American focused on the realm of opposition to religion during the Golden Age of Freethought was parent to Jon Garth Murray?
SS Cheviot was wrecked in rough seas near the point of which Peninsula?
What was the name of the character who was best known for his role as Chuck Bass when he played a member of a sales team?
The Chills and The Smithereens are both what?
What city is the company Allan Lester Schuman was formerly a CEO at headquartered in?
Who directed a 2015 American comedy film an actor who played Kim Hyde in Home and Away starred in?
Are Unrest and Mother Mother from the same continent?
What film released first, Station to Station or Voices of Bam?
Martiño Rivas stars with who in Las chicas del cable?
Which waterfall in Africa is known as "The Smoke that Thunders" and is located within the Kavango-Zambezi Transfrontier Conservation Area (KAZA)?
Which documentary was released first, The Cats of Mirikitani or The Climb?
Both Blue Lacy and Seskar Seal Dog are examples of breeds of what animal?
Which American politician and attorney from the state of Missouri did General Chris Koster won re-election for a second full term against?
From what town is the actor from who played Denham in the 1967 film directed by James Clavell?
What is the name of the autobiography written about a Queen that governed as regent from 1406 until 1418 during the minority of her son?
Is Willsboro Congregational Church on a highway that runs east-west, or north-south?
What city did the book for which the Democratic candidate in the 1934 California gubernatorial election was known took place?
Between The Del Fuegos and Spoon, which band releases more diverse style music?
Which supergroup wrote Wilbury Twist that was on the album Traveling Wilburys Vol. 3?
What characteristics do Lutherville and Baltimore County share?
Are both Benjamin Christensen and Len Wiseman directors?
What is a previous name of the stadium that hosted the 2014 FFA Cup Final?
Who was born first, Lev Pontryagin or Vladimir Levenshtein?
Are both American Hairless Terrier and Northern Inuit Dog native to the same country?
What Smiths band member has been cited as an influence on artist Lil Tuffy?
Disney Illuminations is a nighttime spectacular at a theme park spanning how many ha?
How long was Margaret Stanley, Countess of Derby's father's family seated at Skipton Castle?
Which is in the grass family, Pachypodium or Arrhenatherum?
What Christmas-themed entertainment program has existed since 1955 and is rival to Google Santa Tracker?
What does The Oxfordian theory of Shakespeare authorship and the play The Beard of Avon contend?
Panquehue cheese is similar to the cheese created by settlers from what location?
What is the french name of the university that Diana Starkova attended?
WRAF airs a religious program hosted by which founder and president of In Touch Ministries?
Are the cities of Jiayuguan City and Fuqing considered the same level?
What was the name of the series which had an Southern Comfort film star playing an FBI agent?
Alan Forbes has done posters for an American rock band that formed in 1996 in what city in California?
What do the Lost McLeod Mine and the Colomac Mine have in common?
What instrument did Nigel Walley play in John Lennon's band formed in 1956, which would later become the Beatles?
Otto Hans Adolf Gross joined a utopian community in which Swiss Canton?
The youngest member of Girl's Day stars along with which other actor in the upcoming South Korean film Monster?
Which dog originated in the Mountains of Romania, the Ariege Pointer or the Carpathian Shepherd Dog?
Black Sheets of Rain is an album by a former member of a group that first gained notability as what kind of band?
Which city is rapper Kendrick Lamar, who has his albums produced by Nez & Rio, from?
Who created the political drama in which Jorja Fox played recurring character Secret Service Agent Gina Toscano?
Was The Devil and Max Devlin or Do Dooni Chaar released first?
Who lived longer, Hans Joachim Oskar Fichtner or Wernher von Braun?
Bryant, Oklahoma is a nation made up of which federally recognized tribe?
What kind of award was the author of Actors Anonymous and star in 127 Hours nominated for?
What is the middle name of the British actress & comedian who was a cast member of both "The Comic Strip" and "The Vicar of Dibley"?
Goddess of Fire starring Kim Bum, a South Korean actor, dancer, singer and model aired on which days?
Which genus of plant contains more species, Coronilla or Fascicularia?
Which bassist created the animated television show featuring voice actor Sarah Gordon?
The Lexington Historical Society focuses on the history of the American Revolution and the Battle of Lexington, near this present-day metro area.?
Gregory La Cava and Fred Schepisi both worked as?
Heather Ann Wilson and Lisa Stephens Disbrow both served for what branch of the American military?
Who died first, Charles Horace Mayo or Augustus Stinchfield?
Which biblical figure is engraved upon the gem named for the son of King Lohair I?
Dudley square and the Silver line are both part of what?
Who was in the first film produced by Mel Brooks and also in Barney Miller as Police Officer Carl Levitt?
The Formula Ford Festival is held annually at the Brands Hatch which was first used for which motor events?
What rule is based on observation of atomic spectra?
What type of novel was the piece of literature that featured a German Army Captain born in 1895 and inspired the film The Pianist?
What was the first flagship sedan of the class of Mercedes-Benz which preceded the Mercedes-Benz CL-Class?
Who is the author of the novel which inspired Susan McFadden's leading role in Legally Blonde the Musical?
Focke-Wulf Fw 187 was an intermediate design above the model that was the backbone of which fighting force?
Song Min-ho is a rapper who sang Born Hater which originated in which country?
Are Local Natives and Mono Puff from New York City?
Do Larry Semon and George Lessey share the same nationality?
Meihekou and Tumen, Jilin are located in what country?
Who was the director of the 2014 sci fi comedy film which features the romantic Hindi song Chaar Kadam?
Between Edward Buzzell and Pete Docter, who has a career in animated films?
Which artist beat both Bob Dylan and the musician who was part of the Mothers of Invention band to the release of the first studio double album?
Is either of the National Parks, Tablas de Daimiel National Park or Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park, outside of Spain?
In what year was the star of To Hell and Back born?
In what year was the physicist who introduced the 't Hooft operator born?
Which census-designated place in the Town of North Hempstead, New York is the location of the end of the Meadowbrook Parkway?
When the "The Apprentice" spin-off starring Elijah Connor premiere?
What was the founding member of The Football League that Willie Almond played for?
Are both Nehi and Nectar d.o.o. part of the beverage industry?
What occupation did both Albert Raisner and Isaac Hayes share?
Both Tim Lambesis and Tim Burgess are involved in what kind of musical organization?
Which city hosts the Division of Jagajaga which covers an area of approximately 128 sq km including the suburbs of Ivanhoe, Bellfield, and Bundoora?
The three-member South Korean boy band, High4, released in 2014 a song they collaborated with which South Korean singer, songwriter and actress who signed with LOEN Entertainment in 2007?
Which member of the duo who wrote "The Sound of Silence" had a musical career that spanned seven decades?
Are Mary McCarthy and Chuck Palahniuk both American?
Which American actress and playwright that appeared in "The Savages" appeared in the 2010 comedy-drama film written and directed by Josh Radnor alongside Kate Mara?
The serial killer who shares the same name as a Spokane-Coeur d'Alene-American novelist born in 1966 is known for doing what to his victims?
In 2010, the population of Garfield County in Montana was 1,206 and the county seat, Jordan, Montana, had a population of 343. What is the name of the survey that determines these populations?
Robert Nagy once performed in whose second opera?
James West trialled with a football team now known as what?
Wha documentary portrayed someone paralyzed by a bullet to the spine while deployed in Iraq?
Where were the band formed for which bassist Steve Garvey normally played?
"Don't Make a Beggar of Me" was recorded by Frank Sinatra at what record company?
What film did Roberto Orci produce that was directed by Anne Fletcher?
Kevin Stanley Beeston is the Non-Executive Director of a British brewery that operates how many pubs in the UK?
What other member of Fall Out Boy appear on the album From Under the Cork Tree?
What is the school mascot of the college where Jacqueline Viette served as Dean of Instruction?
What is the name of the amateur boxing competition game released in 1995 featuring an American former professional who was a boxer, kickboxer, mixed martial artist, and professional wrestler?
What is the literal sense of the German voice classification system used to identify voice types?
What type of classification does Central High School and U.S. News & World have in common?
Joe Orlando was the associate producer of a magazine founded in what year?
Which author was the recipient of the Lannan Lifetime Achievement Award, Cynthia Ozick or Robert Creeley?
So Long, Scarecrow is titled in reference to which 1939 musical fantasy film?
How long was this 1985 documentary film that was associated with Claude Lanzmann?
What kind of songs written by Bob Mould would be used by the band, Aaroh?
What award did Vladimir Menshov's daughter win?
In what discipline is Johannes Knoops a leading authority at New York's Fashion Institute of Technology?
What was the birth name of the actress who co-starred with Fred Astaire in "Royal Wedding"?
What major city was Eastern Condors, an action film co-starring the winner of Miss Hong Kong 1984, filmed in?
The namesake of Robbinsdale Armstrong High School served in what war?
Shy Carter wrote for what American singer whose singles include Wiggle, Talk Dirty, and In My Head?
Which Argentine professional footballer played with Chihiro Noda in Argentina?
What team did the Hampton Pirates men's basketball team defeat during the 2--1 NCAA Men's Division I Basketball Championship?
Which former professional tennis player is now a sports commentator, Jim Pugh or John Lloyd?
Where was the hotel at which Elisabeth Gürtler-Mauthner was a managing director located?
Kool-Aid and Lucozade are examples of what?
What restaurant did the artist of "Runnin' Behind" start at?
What did Susan Gottesman aid in the main research purpose at NCI?
Who ordered Jewish people to be sent to Nazi concentration camps as described in the book The Lost Childhood, in March 1933?
Which was a live-action film, Pocahontas or The Reluctant Dragon?
In what era was Richard Flexmore known for performing family musical comedy stage productions?
What is Anthony Stark trying to do with Amahl Farouk?
C. David Cush was the CEO of the airline founded in what year?
One of Adelaide's high streets is named after which British monarch who was the third son of George III and died within a month of the street naming?
Who produced the Sturgill Simpson album that was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Americana Album?
Afshin Zinoori dubbed over the voice of which actor who made his debut on David Copperfield?
Who is older, Claudie Haigneré or Jean-Loup Chrétien?
What electoral ward of Manchester, England, did Leonard "Len" Benker Johnson spend time in prior to World War II?
Based on whose novel is the screenplay for the film where Bruno Rovello played Richie Brown?
Andy Warhol's Bad was directed by a man who also had what occupation?
What engine designed to power medium duty trucks and heavy cars was also used in Chevy's intermediate and pony car?
Monolith is a box set by what composer who has released 300 studio albums, four special releases, and one EP?
In what city in metropolitan Greater Boston, did Herodias Gardiner, get whipped for sharing her religious testimony?
Which son of the character whose origin stems from Raphael Holinshed flees to Ireland?
Are the campuses of University of Hartford and Valparaiso University similar in size?
What is the last name of the brothers who wrote a song sung by one of Mowgli's mentors in The Jungle Book?
In which period the father of Queen Anne-Marie reign Denmark?
Where is the resort operating company, which owns The Venetian Macao, based?
Many descendants from what directional region of Iceland are featured in literature from Iceland's "Saga Age"?
Which character does the star of "Perfect High" play on the series "Famous in Love"?
Which ethnic group which Tonga people of Zambia and Zimbabwe belong inhabit a geographical area stretching east and southward from Central Africa across the African Great Lakes region down to Southern Africa?
Are both Thomas Reiter and Sigmund Jähn astronauts?
What settlement built by the National Land Company was part of a working-class movement for political reform in Britain that existed from 1838 to 1857?
The medieval fortification Castle Hill was builty by this noble man who was also known as King of which country (after the 1250s)?
What is the population of the country where the Chetyrekh River is located?
A Simple Noodle Story was inspired by the debut of the American filmmakers who created what 1996 film?
In the movie The Fighter, Christian Bale plays the part of a real life boxer born in which year?
Are the films "The Rescuers" and "Planes" both animated?
Which skillset do Chrissy Amphlett and Mike Shinoda have in common: songwriter, producer, or graphic designer?
Caleb Green's most notable anthem performance was at a memorial in Washington D.C that was dedicated in what year?
What car models used the same Saxomat clutch as the automobiles produced by former East German auto maker VEB Sachsenring Automobilwerke Zwickau in Zwickau, Saxony?
What Chinese film director frequently had Lee Kin-yah appear in his films as cross-dressing comic relief?
Who was the Indian music composer and singer who won an award in 2003 that worked extensively with Bhaskarabhatla Ravi Kumar?
When was a silent film produced that included an actor born April 1, 1885?
The album "Metallica", by the band of the same name, included what song that deals with a child's nightmares?
Which writer and journalist contributing to "The New Yorker" writes about subjects such as the Art Deco-style skyscraper, the Chrysler Building?
Are Chernobyl Heart and Meet the Patels both documentaries about the same subject?
What is the Indian name for a charismatic guru who posesses paranormal powers like telepathy?
In what year did the building commence for this seat of the Anglican bishop whose namesake was the Dean named Edward Charles Wickham from 1894 to 1910?
The first Battle of Reading took place following an invasion of Wessex by the Danes, led by which Viking leader?
What type of university has The Grand Opera House as their performing arts center?
When was the company responsible for delivering messages, newspapers, and mail in the Butterfield Overland Mail route?
Nathan Handwerker was founder of a company that specializes in what food?
What actor starred in Big John, Little John and helped provide music for the "Sharknado," film?
Though separate nationalities, soccer players Robbie Rogers and Justin Fashanu shared which common sexual orientation?
Cuando habla el corazón stars what actor born in 1917?
How many episodes were there of the show where Raven Goodwin played Tangie Cunningham?
What type of publication does Hearth and Home and Hennes have in common?
Are both Noah and Neon Trees rock bands from Indonesia?
Country Music Hall of Fame artist known for his song "Crazy Arms" also found success with what female artist on their recording titled "Release Me"?
Which Christmas special, directed by Bill Melendez, featured an aluminum Christmas tree?
What American is described as one of the most innovative and diverse rock musicians of his generation and released one of the earliest double albums in rock music?
What Argentinian actor that played in Chiquittas also played in the 2006 telenovela produced by Cris Morena?
What hockey player nicknamed The China Wall helped the Toronto Maple Leafs win the Stanley Cup in 1962?
In what year was the member of EXO born, that was featured in the song "Call You Bae" by Ji-min and produced by Matthew Tishler?
Thaba Putsoa is a mountain in the Maseru District of which enclaved, landlocked country in southern Africa completely surrounded by South Africa?
Helena Dragaš was the empress consort of the last reigning emperor of what empire?
What actor made his film debut in terrence malicks experimental drama film?
Chris Lilley was known for the mockmentary series about a 14-year-old Tongan boy produced by which company?
Who directed the film Mads Mikkelsen won the award for Best Actor for at the 58th Bodil Awards?
Who is the murdered son of presenter of the weeknight edition of "Nine News Adelaide"?
What Austrian-born American physicist wrote a 1975 book which was a bestseller in the United States?
Who was the director of the film whose success, along with that of An American Tail and The Land Before Time, prompted Steven Spielberg to establish his own animation studio?
AN/APG-79 was an improvement over the the specialized version of what previous aircraft?
"The Clutch" Sammy Angott and former world champion Henry Armstrong both held which athletic occupation?
Matt Hannaford is a sports agent that has recruited some young stars, including what Cuban first baseman who played for the Seattle Mariners?
When and when was the creator of the "Nobody's Baby But Mine" book born?
What did the husband of Duchess Victoria do for a living?
Who was Governor of the U.S. State of Michigan who had Orrin W. Robinson as Lieutenant Governor in 1899?
Howard Kendall's goal won the 1970 Charity Shield for which club, where the Englishman later became manager?
Which genus containes more species: Heracleum or Curcuma?
Who is older Trevor Horn or Doug Pinnick?
How many people lived in the city Roberto Tapia was raised in as of the 2010 census?
L'ingenua is a 1975 movie that reatured what Hungarian-Italian porn star, politician, and singer?
Which son of V. Lakshminarayana was a notable Indian violinist?
When was the American stand-up comedian who was a supporting cast in "Who's the Caboose?" born?
Jheronimus de Clibano was a member of the Habsburg "Grande chapelle", which is the distinguished choir of what son of Holy Roman Emperor Maximilian 1?
What year was the album that Don Was helped the Highwaymen produce rereleased?
Lata Mangeshkar and Usha Mangeshkar are from what country?
When was the Australian-British dancer who was one of the judges of "Strictly Come Dancing" born?
Which rebel group has shown support to The Sudan Revolutionary Front in an alliance against the 7th president of Sudan?
In what year did the grandfather of Abdulaziz Bin Turki Bin Talal Bin Abdulaziz Al Saud who was King of Saudi Arabia die?
What possession was Chile and Argentina disputing that led to Operation Soberania?
What faith is Carondelet Health Network and its parent company Ascension Health associated with?
How many NCAA championships, did the coach who had Wade Houston as his assistant for 13 years, win?
Does Leea or Gillenia have more species?
Of the two rock bands, Okkervil River or Hüsker Dü, which began as a trio made up of Shef and friends?
How many academy awards has the actor who starred in Cheers and the Hunger Games been nominated for?
Which film came out earlier, "Comandante" or "The Judge and the General"?
What street runs parallel to the street at the heart of the Arbat District of Miscow?
Benjamin Randell Harris served during the major conflicts led by which French leader?
What compilation series contains the album A Very Special Acoustic Christmas and features artists such as Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers?
What number Mughal emperor built the Kashmiri Gate?
Island Park is a village located in southern Nassau County. What does the train cross over on the southwest of the station?
Robert William Kozaren served as mayor of which city?
Are or were the two publications "Seed" and "Antic" both printed publications?
The pop group which feature 3 brothers and performed songs "Lay It on Me" released what album in 1968?
The Division of Kingston includes a suburb that is approximately how many km the Adelaide city centre?
Who was the more accomplished musician, Albert Ward or Johnny Depp?
Hristo Atanasov Bonev-Zumais a former Bulgarian footballer, the second all-time leading scorer for the Bulgarian national team behind which Bulgarian professional footballer who plays for Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters?
According to the 2011 census, what was the population of the civil parish in which Oakfield Manor is located?
The Magog are an alien race in which science fiction television series starring Kevin Sorbo?
Who win the beauty pageant in Las Vegas where Myriam Arévalos represented Paraguay?
Who wrote the he eighth episode of "The Simpsons"' first season which was Reverend Lovejoy first appearance?
What position in the United States House of Representatives is served by the woman who appointed Brenda V.Smith?
From 2009 to 2013, what office was held by the candidate supported by Hookers for Hillary?
Are Saguaro and Schinus both tree-like plants?
Whose album became the fastest sellong debut rock album in Neilson Soundscan history, Randy Meisner or Chris Daughtry?
Who is the older brother of the current captain of Hamburger SV in the German Bundesliga?
Which college was founded first, Washington University in St. Louis or Berea College?
Who controlled the commando that kidnapped Dani Yako and detained him for three days in the Libertador Building?
The Mechanicville Bridgecarries New York State Route 67 across the Hudson River in New York connecting Mechanicville with Hemstreet Park in which town in Rensselaer County, New York, United States?
What is the area of the area of woodland after which Grizedale College, Lancaster is named?
The 1996 French-German drama suspense film, based on the novel by Joseph Conrad, starred which actress famously known for her work with director Krzysztof Kieślowski?
What award did the actress who starred in the film Twilight, with Paul Newman, Gene Hackman, Reese Witherspoon, Stockard Channing and James Garner, get in 2006?
Neil Craig took the coaching position of w footballer, for which football club?
Are Valley International Airport and Flagstaff Pulliam Airport both in the Southwest US?
Valkarkay is a bay was the primary location used in a film that was critically acclaimed and nominated for the Golden Bear at the 60th what?
Are Ihor Podolchak and Pamela B. Green both co-founders of Masoch Fund?
What Kingdom is Edward Island located in?
Which is bigger, Stormstown, Pennsylvania or State College, Pennsylvania?
What was an island that Guðrøðr Óláfsson ruled over?
At what University did the geneticist who supported a former grand wizard of the ku klux klan teach?
In which year did the racing driver, who finished second in the 1954 Swiss Grand Prix, win the British Grand Prix?
When was the ship that was the subject of a Donald Franklin Stewart directed museum built?
Who planned the strategic bomber which is meant to replace the only acknowledged aircraft that can carry large air-to-surface standoff weapons in a stealth configuration?
The manga series that Mela Lee played Yuki Cross in comes from what country?
In how many governments has the media tycoon who owned Il Giornale in the early 90's serves as Prime Minister of Italy?
How many passengers has the rail service, that uses Burke Centre, carried in fiscal year 2013?
Works of Theon of Smyrna were strongly influenced by Pythagoras, the Greek philosopher and mathematician known for what?
In addition to Worcestershire sauce, cheese, and oysters, what else is in Oysters Kirkpatrick?
How many times did this American lyricist, songwriter and musician who wrote the song "The Christmas Waltz" win the Academy Award?
Which author was born earlier, James Ellroy or Joyce Kilmer?
Lee Hwan-kyung debuted with a movie in 2004 that was based on an Internet novel written by this person?
Where is the location of the organization that recognizes the work of Roger McGuinn with the Byrds?
Who is the greatest violinist ever heard by the greatest violinist of all time?
What U.S. President frequently visited a restaurant near the old Spanish mission in colonial "Las Californias"?
Billy Montana was born in a village within the town of New Scotland, in what county in New York?
Who is a business owner in Oklahoma who was considered to have fallen to the Heisman curse?
In what city did the worst accident of the Air France airline originate from?
Geary County, Kansas is named after what Civil War union general?
Which movie in a collaboration between Malcom X and Alex Haley also was nominated for an Oscar?
What American actor plays an East side drug lord who prefers peaceful solutions to business disputes when possible?
Ramfis Trujillo was a close friend of the racecar driver and diplomat of what nationality?
Are Liaoyang and Fenyang both part of China?
Which of the documentaries The Birth of Saké and The Cove call for political action?
As of 2017, what was the estimated value of the basketball team that Luke Theodore Walton coaches?
What Superdome was SuperBowl XLVI played at in New Orleans, LA?
What is the name of the company which produces the liqueur used in the Rusty Nail?
What major victory did the allies of Chaumont achieve to end a war?
What is the town on the opposite side of this town in Hancock County with a population of about 1,200 as of 2010 across the Bagaduce River?
Goodies' production was done by what American rapper who was the frontman of the group Lil John & The East Side Boyz?
Singwango Secondary School had a sister school in a census-designated place in the town of North Hempstead in what county of New York?
The premier championship of motocross racing is hosted in the famous motocross venue which is located northeast of what city?
What did David Graeme deliver to the Electress of Hanover?
Were the bands Adam Again and Mastodon active at the same time?
The Victorians - Their Story In Pictures is a documentary series written by an author born in what year?
What Good-bye Cruel World star was born January 2, 1954?
One of the five copies of Caustic Windo surfaced for sale on a webside and crowdsourced database that is located in Portland, Oregon, and is owned by who?
When did John Poindexter's son die?
What is the name of the island at the center of the area overseen by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey?
When Kendall Dewan Marshall was drafted into the NBA, where was the drafting ceremony held?
Which is from farther west, Moscow Watchdog or Shetland Sheepdog?
Which has a larger population, Hays, Kansas or Ellis County, Kansas?
What's the name of the american composer, conductor and arranger who was also one of the producers of the Beach Boys'?
What year will the successor to Lamborghini's first four-wheel drive model be released?
What is the name of the player who played for Hayden Fry at Iowa and was selected to the 1983 All-Big Ten Conference football team at quarterback?
Which director is better-known for horror films, Steve James or Scott Derrickson?
When was the American actor who was among the cast members of Flawless born?
Which of the following groups is lead by vocalist Dan Smith: Circa Survive or Bastille?
The Halfway House starred the retired stage actress who was born in what city and country?
Which television series had Robert F. Hughes as a director and Dan Povenmire as a voice actor?
Which state was the composer, who wrote the music and lyrics to "Around the World," born?
Where is the home ground of the team that Scott Tunbridge plays on?
Where does the district attorney of the county who's name means "northern folk" live?
Jeremain Lens and Sigi Lens are both Dutch what?
How far away is the mountain that is highest among Mourne Mountains from the Irish Sea?
What was the nationality of the composer of Dream House 78' 17"?
Falling Down stars which American actor born September 25, 1944?
What familiar device was invented by human-computer interface engineer Douglas Engelbart, creator of hypertext?
How much revenue did the manufacturer of the Mercurial Vapor bring in during fiscal year 2012?
Which was made first Shipwrecked or The Wind in the Willows?
At which village in Nassau County, New York, with a population about 1300 as of 2010, is this historic home, which was built in 1907 and is a 2 ⁄ -story building with a cross-gabled, overhanging roof, located?
Where both the Operation Undertone and Battle of the Wilderness fought by the army?
What company is headquartered in Cobb County, Georgia and exclusively sells Admiral appliances? The Home Depot?
Who are the Northern Shoshone referred to as?
What R & B song came in number 2 after the 1983 hit by Culture Club from their "Colour by Numbers" album?
What season was the mother promoted to a main character on how i met your mother and how many episodes did that season have?
What is the name of the podcast hosted by one of the co-editors of the Ferguson protest newsletter "This Is the Movement"?
Did Krishnan–Panju and Randal Kleiser have the same profession?
Chloe Angelides wrote what song for the American singer, songwriter, music video director, and photographer who was raised in Baldwin, New York?
Is Orlando Sanford International Airport or East Texas Regional Airport further West?
What is the Marine Corp equivalent of the military award Eugene Mead Caffey received for his heroism in World War II?
Which professional basketball team with the home stadium Philips Arena did the retired American professional basketball Roshown McLeod play for?
Where was the main character in the film Bronson detained in high-security psychiatric hospitals?
Where did the production of the musical that the title of The Unshrinkable Jerry Mouse is based on open?
Arthur W. Rice focused on creating large residences in which officially-recognized Boston neighborhood?
Copland was developed by a company headquartered in what city?
Where does the actress who played Mehak in Phobia hail from?
What did Michael Hirsh call the president of the National Policy Institute?
What national historic district is incorporated in the Town of Brookhaven of Long Island?
What is the IATA code of the main base of the former airline Aeropelican Air Services?
The American Independent Institute started in 2014 by an American commentator who founded what media watchdog group?
Radagast was featured in the Silmarillion, which was published in what year?
Who did Mariana Kovacevic heal that was born on 22 November 1985?
Who is directing the upcoming superhero movie that Kurt Johnstad's original screenplay was rejected for?
Which of the following is mostly known for his film "I Stand Alone": Ricardo Costa or Gaspar Noé?
On which channel was this J. R. R. Tolkien inspired 1977 animated musical television special written by the same writer responsible for "The Wind in the Willows" broadcast?
Are the Sternbergia and Echinopsis genuses of plants both native to the same regions?
What other movie besides Macbeth, starring Michael Fassbender, did Adam Arkapaw work on in 2015?
What is the second film in the Vengeance Trilogy based on?
What is the name of both the captain from the Herman Melville novel "Moby-Dick" and the German funeral doom metal band founded in 2004?
Along side the American actress known most notably for her role as Grace Adler on the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace" who wrote the song "On Lexington & 52nd Street" in the show's universe for the Marilyn Monroe musical "Bombshell"?
Which of the following co founded the band Pink Floyd: Roger Waters or Kim Tae-yeon?
Are San Jose State University and Lehigh University both located in the same country?
What famed director, actor and humanitarian once starred alongside both Johnny Depp and Faye Dunaway?
Marit Svarva Henriksen was a politician for a social-democratic plitical party in Norway that is currently led by who?
Does U2 have more band members than Godsmack?
What is the football record for the 1952 season for the school founded in 1890?
Subterranean fiction and the Hollow Earth theory are based on what kind of concept?
American Hairless Terrier and Northern Inuit Dog are both different specials of the same animal?
In addition to Ryan Gosling, Angourie Rice and the actor born on October 11, 1977, who else starred in The Nice Guys?
What is an alternate name for a universal joint that is also the last name of an English natural philosopher, architect and polymath?
The rapper of For Whom the Beat Tolls is one half of what group?
Which research professor in the Department of Physics at the California Institute of Technology coined the term for a philosophical approach to naturalism which encourages a variety of ways to talk about the world?
Kern Island Canal and Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal are both what?
What guest musician that was featured in Derek Sherinian's albums won the "Best Rock Bass Player" readers' poll from "Guitar Player" magazine five times for his "lead bass" playing style?
A single story wood frame structure, built in 1848 is located in a town which as of 2010 had a population of what?
Which composer passed away at a younger age, George Gershwin or Léo Delibes?
Who was the commanding Lieutenant General of ARCENT?
What composer wrote the Pageant of Empire and Enigma Variations?
FAQ U was presented, in the second week of its run, by the comedian who is part of what comedy duo?
Cesair are the main representatives of the pagan folk music scene in the Netherlands, alongside another band whose members came from which background?
Which game allows the most players to participate, Mad Gab or Blokus?
Ryan Reynolds attended a Nevada high school opened in what year?
What automotive manufacturer owns Audi and the Ducati that won the 2001 British Superbike Championship?
In which 2014 American romantic teen drama, based on the novel of the same name by John Green, did Ansel Elgort play the character Augustus Waters?
Which pizza restaurant has more widespread locations, Jet's Pizza or Your Pie?
Palazzo Scanderbeg is located next to a fountain designe by what architect?
Which documentary was released first, Grizzly Man or Best Boy?
8 Heads in a Duffel Bag features Joe Pesci and what former "Saturday Night Live" and "Joe Dirt" star?
What is the nationality of the actor who played Niki Lauda in the movie Rush?
Which restaurant chain has more locations: Hungry Howie's Pizza or East of Chicago Pizza?
What type of technology is Pecom 32 and Apple IIc Plus?
Who is older Roger Federer or Sue Barker?
The group known as the Continuity IRA, along with the Real IRA, targeted what successor of the Royal Ulster Constabulary?
Operation Odyssey Dawn involved what long-range, all-weather, subsonic cruise missile?
The first general strike in the United States was largely organized by the largest and one of the most important 1880's what?
What city and state is the Back at the Barnyard Hayride located in?
Gnaeus Pompeius of Pompeia became a member of the First Triumvirate along with this general and politician who played a key role in the transformation of the Roman Republic into the Roman Empire and was the second wealthiest person next to which person?
A memorable Andrew Render Stahl role was Tom McHone a character in an American period drama series which ran for how many episodes?
Which documentary film is longer between Tab Hunter Confidential and Grand Canyon?
What is 50 mi east of the University of California, Berkeley's current American football coach's home town?
Is North Carolina State University or California State University, Long Beach further west?
Are The Scientist and Astronomy both science related magazines?
Which major brewery based in Monterrey, Nuevo León, Mexico did Eugenio Garza Sada father found?
How many hardcovers appeared in the number-one position of "The New York Times" Bestseller List by the author of "Night Chills"?
Brittany Talia Hazzard co-wrote a song that was a response to a diss track by what artist?
The Cohors I Raetorum equitata spoke a Latin-based language that comes from which area of Italy and Switzerland?
Chevrolet Silverado 250 is held at the track located in what Ontario city?
Which country are the University of Graz and Graz University of Technology located?
The 2010 Russian Super Cup was held at which 81000-seat Russian stadium?
William Orman Beerman was born in a city in northeastern Kansas that is the county seat of what county?
Which film director was born before the other, Yasuzo Masumura or Ulrich Seidl?
Who is older, Stewart O'Nan or Amy Tan?
Are Jon Russell Cring and Ben Stiller both filmmakers?
What episode was played first, Truth and Advertising or PC Principal Final Justice?
The 283rd Rifle Division fought the Battle of Berlin which was categorized as what?
Were the bands +44 and the Wipers formed in the same state?
Who is older, John Fitzgerald or Andy Murray?
What was the 2010 population of the town which was part of the Maine State Route 126?
The MLB player who's career ended with precisely 3,000 hits in 1972 was from which location?
What Division does the team that plays at Mackenzie Stadium play in?
When was Star Island by Carl Hiaasen released?
What two entities produce the show that stars the American Pawnbroker, Les Gold?
Are the Karst Shepherd and Telomian breeds of dog?
What English alternative rock band had a frontman who was featured in the 2008 album “Highlights”?
Karen Carpenter and Matt Berninger were both critically acclaimed for their contralto vocals?
The Bananarita and The Monkey Gland are both served on the rocks?
What was the title of the film staring a golden award winner that premiered at the 1998 Sundance Film Festival?
Where was a featured rap artist on Brighter Daze from?
Who replaced the producer, born in 1971, who worked with the band on their studio album "Room on Fire"?
What type of organization is this body that Albert Baird Hastings became an elected member in 1937?
What type of installation does WBCN and WFNX have in common?
What substance does Bugles and General Mills have in common?
Who was President of Argentina when César Augusto Guzzetti became the first foreign minister of the military government?
Which movie has a performance by the daughter of Christina Harrison?
Do Janet Shamlian and Edward Avedisian have the same occupation?
Who was the director of the 1959 CinemaScope drama film starring the actor who received the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for 1943's "The More the Merrier"?
What former astronaut was a character in the 1995 film Apollo 13, as well as Jim Lovell and Jack Swigert?
Are Jean Genet and Mark Sandrich both from France?
Which band was formed first, Relient K or Smash Mouth?
Which technique where the roller coaster is allowed to coast through the ride's circuit through the force of gravity is used in Adventure World since 1991?
What year was the writer of the short story collection Cathedral born?
Who was born first Dohonna Malik Scott or Elise "Alex" Leapai?
United States v. Texas was the court case regarding the program that granted status to immigrants living in the US since what year?
What year was the subject of the first episode of "Sports Life Stories" born?
Which arena in the town Bad Cannstatt is home to German Bundesliga club VfB Stuttgart?
Where is the American actor,who owns the school which Tallulah Harlech attended born in?
Where does the team for which Marcus Coker is a running back play its home games?
Was Stanislaw Kiszka paid for his services by the Royal Treasury?
Are the Washington City Canal and Champlain Canal both still fully operational?
What new project is Taylor Hanson a part of?
Graham Hamilton portrayed Fagin in a musical based on a novel by which author?
What is the name of this British television sitcom that has aired in BBC since 2006 and has appearances by Sally Berton as Lucy Adams?
Who were the founders of the magazine published by Time Inc that was created in 1978?
Do the Canadian band Marianas Trench and the American singer Poe have different music styles?
In what year did the state-owned competitor of Air 26 gain flag carrier staus?
Stuart O'Keeffe was a brand ambassador for what home products line that includes preparation, storage, containment, and serving products?
The scales of sexual orientation and the Kinsey scale are both what?
Who directed a sequel film with a character for which a JavaScript debugger is named?
Were the animated films Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs and Astro Boy produced by the same studio?
Who was born first, Roy Khan or Jon Hume?
In what month did Real Madrid win the 2000–01 La Liga title?
Which has more recognized species, Pleione or Oplismenus?
Were Wells Cathedral and Cathedral of St Michael and St George, Aldershot used as Anglican churches before 1973?
Are both Michael Crichton and Antoine de Saint-Exupéry American writers?
In which city was Mother Seton House built for Elizabeth Ann Seton?
What is the actor who plays Dr. Leo Szilard best known for?
Is the 72nd field brigade part of the oldest or newest established field army?
Who was the son of Waltheof I that was killed by Thurbrand the Hold?
What was the name of the young human in the animated film featuring bears for which Jessie Flower was a voice actor?
In what city can one visit the Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe and Hotel Adlon?
Who composed the score for the film for which Des'ree's "Kissing You" was written?
Which album was released first, "The Spirit Indestructible", or "Folklore"?
Baby stars which American actor born on October 20, 1971?
Walker H. Land) is a Research Professor in the Department of Bioengineering at a university that has how many students?
The MS Golden Princess sailed for a company based out of what port city from 1995-1998?
Which landlocked African Great Lakes region country is home to Noack's Roundleaf Bat?
How many Grammy Awards did this American singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer win who released the album "Diamonds and Pearls"?
Were both Jaren Johnston and Rome Ramirez songwriters?
Jonas Åkerlund directed the music video for what song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga for her third EP, "The Fame Monster" (2009)?
What is the name of the commercial airline that serves this public use airport (owned by the city and county) near the city in Valley County, Montana with a population of about 3,400 as of 2015?
Christopher Sclater Millard's work was helpful in the estate of which prolific Irish writer?
What is the population of the city that Missouri Route 350's eastern terminus is in?
Dihanaam uses type of hand instrument that could be considered what?
What present day country was Laurens van Pyl the Governor of?
The character actor Andrew Johnston appeared in which American sports docudrama the United States men's hockey team led by which coach?
What country is home to both the group responsible for a 3 hour shootout with federal police and the Los Zetas cartel?
Children Are the Victims of Adult Vices is a group of what type of sculptures by Milhail Chemiakin?
What is the population of the town that Kiwaukee Sanchez Thomas was born in?
Which Japanese sect is part of Mahayana Buddhism?
What genus are both the red squirrel and the Calabrian black squirrel a part of?
What is the popular device made by the company co-founded by Min H. Kao and Gary Burrell?
Are Xiasi Dog and Old Croatian Sighthound from the same country?
What is the release date of the film that the director of the 1984 film "Gremlins" directed that stared Teri Polo, Chris Massoglia, and Haley Bennett?
"God Made Girls" is a song recorded by a American country music artist who was born when?
The famous outdoor mural by Milton Glaser wraps around the ground floor of a building named after which men?
What is another name for the type of property the pub "The Star" in Westminster, London was going to be converted to in 2015?
I'm Old Fashioned was premiered on June 16, 1983 at the Theater that is part of what larger center?
What actress that starred in The Legend of Tarzan got her start by appearing in Australian independent films?
Louis Ngwat-Mahop's childhood idol has won the Afircan Player of the Year award how many times?
Elder Mother is a being from folklore that is based mainly in what countries?
Which offensive strategy during World War II lasted longer, Operation Nordwind or the Battle of Guam?
Which ingredient of Taro cake is known by its Cantonese name 'lap ceung'?
What country does Zhaoqing and Tacheng have in common?
The sports book The Breaks of the Game details the life of basketball player Kermit Washington after he was suspended for punching and nearly killing who?
Croatia Airlines is a member of a global airline alliances headquartered in what city?
In which year was this episode of "The Simpsons" that used the Simpsons opening sequence for the first time aired?
Which band was created first, 4 Non Blondes or Puddle of Mudd?
Which of the following bands includes musician Shirley Manson: Garbage or Deas Vail?
Which has more acts: Die Walküre or Cendrillon?
Objection Overruled is the ninth studio album by which German heavy metal band from the town of Solingen, originally assembled by former vocalist Udo Dirkschneider, guitarist Wolf Hoffmann and bassist Peter Baltes?
John van der Put resides at a hotel owned and operated by which corporation?
What English town is 5 miles from a port lying on a river named for oak trees?
What is the platform-adventure video game created by independent developer D-Pad Studio, and included in 2016 new intellectual properties releases notable for?
What American actor was the inspiration for the 113th episode of "Our Gang"?
What American actor played Lt Hondo Harrelson in S.W.A.T and starred in Spies Like Us?
Who was the father of the Queen that built Egelund House?
"Today" and "Last Time for Everything" were two singles from Brad Paisley's 11th album "Love and War", released in which year?
The Little Scout band from Brisbane, Austalia toured with this band that was formed in 1996?
The 1950 Bari Grand Prix was a non-championship Formula One motor race won by an Italian racing driver who gained the title of what in 1950?
What Jerusalem location was part of the naming of the city where the National Naval Medical Center stands?
Phyllis Nagy received an Academy Award nomination for a film set in what city?
Which magazine was produced later, Missbehave or Glamour?
The Kooskia National Fish Hatchery raises and releases the Oncorhynchus tshawytscha, which his the scientific species name of what fish?
Who was born first Saul Metzstein or Edmund Goulding?
Who produced the ice show Shelby Lyons skated for after retirement?
Tunjungan Plaza is the second largest shopping center in Surabaya behind which 180,000 sq m mall?
Which opera has more parts including acts and tableaux, Le roi d'Ys or Stiffelio?
When was the composer of Asyla born?
Bazigit Atajev and Tsuyoshi Kohsaka are both what type of athlete?
The actor best known for portraying Master of Ceremonies in the musical Cabaret is the son of what actor?
Christmas Bells is a commercial featuring "We Wish You A Merry Christmas", a dance-like popular, Modern English song known as a what?
Anne-Pascale Clairembourg is a Belgian actress who appeared in a fantasy dark comedy film written, produced, and directed by who?
What type of music does Tacky and Happy have in common?
What is the most recent film the star who was in The Truth About Emanuel, Alfred Molina, in?
Which city was the home ground of the Northwich Victoria Football Club and was named one of the best places to live in the United Kingdom according to "The Sunday Times" in 2014?
A "Seussical" lyricist collaborated with Stephen Flaherty on a musical based on a screen play written by which person?
When was the football player that beat John Alder in the 2010 congressional election born?
Andrea Harrison struggles to escape The Governor's torture chamber in the final episode of what season of "The Walking Dead"?
Which American singer, songwriter, fashion designer, actress, and television personality of the band No Doubt wrote the song "Happy Now"?
Both Roulette and Game of the Goose are what?
What year was the man who discovered Palomar 4 born?
Are Joplin Regional Airport and Antonio Rivera Rodríguez Airport both located on the US mainland?
In what city was LiquidSky initially announced in 2017?
Between Artux and Erenhot, which city is a county-level city of the Xilin Gol League?
Who was the composer of both the "Christmas Symphony" and "Symphony No.3"?
Daniel Fowle founded this non-profit, alternative, bi-weekly newspaper in which city?
Which city is the birthplace of the actor who played the man who ordered the attack on Pearl Harbor?
Maine Media Workshops, located in Rockport Maine a town in Knox County, provides certification in what three activities?
What was the population of the CDP in which Green Acres Mall is located in 2010?
Where is the suburb of the racetrack which supplanted the Camden Motordome?
The Politics of Libya is in uncertain state due to the war of Libyan government with whom?
What other punch besides the "power-punches" is used in traditional boxing?
Were Satyajit Ray and Richard Boleslawski in the ame industry?
Which 2009 English-Danish Film won the award for Best Danish film at the 63rd Bodil awards?
The novel version of the film in which Reece Thompson appeared as "Craig" was released in what year?
Mark Jansen considered running in 2014 against the Republican who began serving in Michigan's 3rd district in what month?
Who was born first, Steven Eisenberg or Jenna Bush Hager?
What is this Interior Plain called that native Americans such as the Arapaho lived on (other than the Great Plains)?
What opera house both housed the Paris National Opera and frequently featured Vasyl Slipak?
Who is from the country that is further east in Europe, Roberto Vittori or Helen Sharman?
Nell Hodgson Woodruff School of Nursing awards whatcertification for a doctoral program, other than a PhD?
Who was drummer for Woody Herman and also cofounded the Blue Wisp Big Band?
Which Oscar- and Emmy-nominated English actor starred in the 1982 British romantic adventure film "The Scarlet Pimpernel"?
Who made their debut in "A Rather English Marriage" and later starred in "Surrogates"?
Who is the American former professional baseball shortstop, manager and coach who played over a decade with the Detroit Tigers and achieved the longest running "double play" combination in the major league history?
Which collegiate division, in which the Buffalo Bulls represent, is the university with campuses in Buffalo and Amherst, New York part of?
What cyclist won the British National Hill Climb Championship and also won a gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics?
Which band had more members Beady Eye or Grant Lee Buffalo?
Which 8-bit computer was sold in Brazil, the VTech Laser 200 or the Prológica CP-400?
From what country is both the television show Deep Rooted Tree and actress Shin Se-kyung?
How many years did Michael Dante DiMartino work for an American animation studio owned by Waterman Entertainment?
What American rock duo formed in Detroit, Michigan and dissolved in 2011 performed at the music festival Noise Pop along with bands like Death Cab for Cutie?
This older brother inherited what team from his father George Steinbrenner, who died in 2010?
Which building, Olympic Tower or Latting Observatory, is no longer erect?
Sightseek was a horse trained by the trainer inducted into the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in what year?
What is another neighboring town of Maine's only Catholic college?
Which magazine is more intellectual, The American Prospect or Paper?
Who coined the term Terminological inexactitude and led the Conservative Party for fifteen years from 1940 to 1955.?
Which ANA motorcycle engine is named after a dragon in Norse mythology?
What town is located halfway between a town in the Broxbourne borough and Ware?
Are Akhnaten and Otello both performed in the same musical style?
Mike Figgis and John Korty won what type of award?
Who is the son that is part owner of the pawn shop in the series Pawn Stars?
Otto Dickel became a proponent of laissez-faire capitalism which translates to what?
What Division I college that is part of the Big 12 Conference did Clint Ingram attend?
In what year was the rapper who released a U-Dub produced single on May 12, 2016 born?
Uttarakhand is known for the natural environment of the Himalayas, the Bhabhar and the Terai because of what comon visible landscape features?
When was Theodore Roosevelt's first book published?
Are the Australian Shepherd and the Schipperke both small breeds of dog?
He is an American music historian and producer of music reissues, including the English gothic rock band from Leeds, United Kingdom.?
What period of time was the serial killer that inspired the film Dirty Harry active?
Cross Border Orchestra of Ireland is based at an institute in what province?
EuroGames is to Europe as Gay Games is to?
How are A.F.C. Flyde and Agus Barroso affiliated?
Which American stand-up comedian starred in It's Only a Theory?
Who played Gary Ewing before the actor that also appeared in "The Young and the Restless"?
What year was the brother of the #2 contender in the UFC Middleweight division born in?
How many stores does the Dutch multinational retail chain who is served by Connoisseur's Bakery have?
Which two actresses created and starred in WNYC Studio's first comedy podcast?
What YouTube personality known for his comedy videos and whose user name is nigahiga was one of the judges on the reality TV program "the next Internet Icon"?
Who directed a 2009 movie with a British actor born in May 1983 and known for his role in "The Count of Monte Cristo"?
Sun Yat-sen briefly took a title of what Chinese military ranking?
Which canal is deeper, the Tamiami Canal or the Oswego Canal?
Plants in both Ramonda and Ulex produce what?
Are Arnold Schoenberg and Georges Bizet both composers?
What is the name of the serial killer that was interviewed in the Spider and the Fly?
Alfred Wegener, the German polar researcher, had an impact crater named after him where?
Who is older, Zina Garrison or Pieter Aldrich?
Thomas James was an English librarian, and the first librarian of the main research library of the University of Oxford, which has how many items?
What is the nickname of the city where Jeremiah Pearson Hardy spent most of his career in?
Kentucky Oaks Mall remains the state's third-largest, behind Fayette Mall in Lexington and a mall located on what road?
Rhonda Vincent, who appeared on the album "That's why I Sing this Way" has been called the "new queen of" what, by the Wall Street Journal?
What family member of a 1980 born cast member of the office wrote the episode Spooked?
Which American actor born in 1915 starred in How to Steal a Million?
Who died first, Zora Neale Hurston or Robert Walser?
Maja Ivarsson and Maurice White are both involved in which entertainment career?
When was the film, in which Lucille Bremer is most known for, released?
Which is longer, Indiana Harbor and Ship Canal or Leiper Canal?
Which band was active longer, The Cramps or Blood Circus?
Which actress played Claire the friend of Kate Austen's character in the televison serise Lost?
What is the name of the county where Gerald Munro was married?
Who directed and co wrote the film also written by Marshall Brickman, featuring work by Gordon Willis?
Hip Hop Connection was considered the best magazine in the world by which rapper and author?
What ABC sitcom was the actor known as Chow in the Hangover Part III, a lead in?
Are Graham v. Florida and Oregon v. Mitchell both Supreme Court cases?
What is the birthdate of this American retired professional basketball player, who played point guard, and who had 13.1 assists per game with the Los Angeles Lakers?
Which team involved in the Manchester Derby plays at Vity of Manchester Stadium?
What state is the setting for the Mardi Gras Mystery, the 81st book in the Nancy Drew mystery series?
It the breed of Galgo Español or The Estrela Mountain Dog used most often as a guard dog?
What king of Denmark born in the year 1170 reserved the right to appoint the bishops of Reval to himself?
What movie that Matthew Géczy provided a voice for was based on a graphic novel by Marjane Satrapi?
When was the American singer, rapper, songwriter and actor born who's song is "Bawitdaba"?
Which France national team members began their careers in CO Les Ulis club from which Anthony Matial received 2015 Golden Boy Award for the best under-21 player in Europe?
Same Day, Different Shit is the fifth studio album of which member of the duo Tha Dogg Pound?
Ani DiFranco and Six Finger Satellite are both what?
Who was the co-host and co-executive producer of the woman who also hosted a more recent show which premiered on Comedy Central and Much in February 2016?
What hostage U.S. citizen did the U.S. Navy's primary special operations force free 12 miles north of the Somali town of Adow on January 25, 2012?
In which Canadian city was the superhero television series starring Anatoly Knyazev primarily filmed?
After coach David Rice left his head coach position at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, where did he go as assistant coach?
The National Commission of Audit was a commission chaired by what Australian businessman?
Who passed away first Igor Stravinsky or George Gershwin?
Who lived longer, Terrence Malick or Irving Pichel?
My own American was written as a World War II song by Frank C. Huston, what jobs did he have?
Are Zhucheng and Suining both county-level cities?
Which duo backed the first single from Dr. Alban's second studio album released in April 1992?
Which singer is older, Selena Gomez or Peter Cetera?
Vincent Drucci was a member of the North Side Gang which was the best known rival of the crime boss known by what nickname?
New Documents presented photographs by what American photographer who is noted for photographs of marginalized people?
What Canadian country singer performs in the Wilsons with her husband?
Which city are the headquarters of this airline founded in 1946 and privatized in 1969, which operates joint ventures with Delta Air Lines, located?
When was the Masonic lodge, of which Franco Foschi was a member, founded?
What 3 time champion podiumed at Mosport in 1981?
Who was born first, Ed Roland or Shaun Ryder?
Major General James Wolfe's military career was halted by the the Peace Treaty of 1748 which is also know as what?
On what date was the Kygo album which "Carry Me" is from released?
Laurent Petitgand appeared alongside which actor in the 1987 film Wings of Desire?
What gender does Steve Sarkisian and Mike Connors have in common?
What war would Lufwaffe fighter Johannes Steinhoff flown the Taktisches Lufwaffengeschwader 73?
Astral Oil Works became part of which branch that was owned by wealthiest American of all time?
When did the character played by Giovanna Mezzogiorno in Vincere live?
The Embassy of Morocco in Washington, DC is located in a neighborhood named for who?
Are Incyte and DXC Technology both publicly traded?
Which Disneyland location opened its Moroccan restaurant in the World Showcase in September 1984?
What is this Hong Kong-based international retailer of men’s, women’s and children’s apparel and accessories established in 1981 that was one of the first stores to operate at Ambarrukmo Plaza in 2006?
Between two authors, W. G. Sebald and Pär Lagerkvist, who recieved more prestigious honors?
Where else are popular films like Muddu Meena available outside of India?
Clinton B. Seely has translated the works of a Shakta poet and saint of eighteenth century Bengal, whose poems are usually addressed to what Hindu goddess?
What is the nationality of the driver who finished second in the second race in the 2017 Montreal ePrix?
Who was born first, Dina Vinhofvers or Frederick III of Denmark?
Whos family had their own reality tv show. Robert Kardashian or Manvel Gamburyan?
Did Austin Carlile stay in the music industry like Pete Doherty?
What "Star Wars" composer has Pedro Javier González García performed with at festivals?
What BRitish company manufactured an alternative to the Caterham 21?
What was the family relationship between the two writers of "Woman in Love"?
Who coined the alternative name regarding a geological concept of the orogenic belt that was active in Gondwanaland?
Samoyed dogs and Smooth Collie's are both what type of working dogs.?
What genre of music are Hard-Fi and OK Go classified as?
Nuts and Volts and American Heritage are both publications from where?
What was the original name of the race that Carnage belongs to?
What Comedy Central show starred an actor who was also in a film directed by Todd Phillips?
Jordan Phillips played his college football games at the team that is a member of what conference?
Who played guitar for the first single of the album "The Stories We Tell Ourselves"?
What production company was created by an actor feeatured in "Platoon" (1986), "Wall Street" (1987), "Young Guns" (1988), "Eight Men Out" (1988), "Major League" (1989), "Hot Shots!" (1991), and "The Three Musketeers" (1993)?
The film directed by Todd Phillips between the first and second installments of the Hangover Trilogy was released on what date?
Hussa bint Ahmed Al Sudairi was the mother of the King of Saudi Arabia, what was his name?
Károly Makk and Barry Mahon both held this title in films?
The club Guðmundur Kristjánsson currently plays for was founded on what date?
What is the place popular for which is in between Fair Harbor in Suffolk County and a village on Fire Island in the southern part of the Town of Islip in Suffolk County?
What NBA point guard attended a high school located on the south shore of Long Island in New York?
The Miracle worker is based on this person who was the first blind and deaf person to earn a degree in what?
Which of the articles have a wider scope of information, Real Simple or Latin Mass Magazine?
The Carl Albert Congressional Research and Studies Center is located in a city that had how many inhabitants in 2015?
What international military formation was headquarter in Helmand Province, Afghanistan?
The headquarters of Timberland Corporation is also the hometown of what statesman?
What TV show was the brother of the wrestler who was the Welterweight Champion for Resurrection Fighting Alliance and Sparta Combat League in?
What work of Eva Bendix Peterson was critical of the resurgence of 19th century ideas?
Crime on the Hill is a film starring an actor who is the husband of who?
What is the full name of the sculptor responsible for The Comb of the Wind?
How many employees did the oilfield services company which has B. Clark Burchfiel as a professor have?
GQ is the second magazine released in India after which fashion and lifestyle magazine to be wholly foreign-owned?
Which third cousin of Henry VIII had a great-grandfather who had a deadly rivalry with Richard Plantagenet?
How many students does Mel Groomes alma mater have now?
When is the tennis tournament held annually in which Bernard Tomic reached the fourth round in 2012, 2015 and 2016?
Kate Maravan teaches a technique that is an approach to acting that was developed by what American theatre practitioner?
Which has been around longer, The Ring or Print?
Which Big East championship team defeated the Florida Gators in the 2013 Sugar Bowl with a overall record of 11-2??
Braunauer Zeitgeschichte-Tage has annually taken place in which Upper Austrian town since 1992?
Daniel-Leon Kit had a part in the stage play of the fairy tale by whom?
Do Bijou and Derby both have the same main alcoholic component?
What is the full name of the Welsh singer who was also a guest on the Logie Awards of 1993?
Which battle happened first? Operation Overlord or the Battle of the Ch'ongch'on River?
"Running for You" is a hit 2015 country song recorded by which MCA Nashville-signed singer-songwriter?
What Guerrilla Games game did Lance Reddick do a voice in?
Evil Dead II stars Bruce Campbell as which protagonist of the franchise?
Oh! What a Lovely War (1969) stars Jack Hawkins who also appeared in what 1959 epic?
Which nine-time Grammy Award-winning pioneers of Christian music had their final performance in 1988?
Which documentary came first, Mandela or Grand Canyon?
Which mine has produced more gold, Con Mine or Tundra Mine?
What country does the footballer Cédric Ciza live in?
What is the release date of the album that was supported by the Synthesis Tour?
The host of Saturday live, which broadcasts 9.00 am on Saturdays, was born in what year?
Who is another character played by the actor who portrays Kel Knight?
Who died more recently, Thomas Button or Henry Hudson?
Are both Blood Circus and Augustana American bands?
Zen Entertainment has partnership with which casino that has 2,664 rooms and 220 suites, and is connected by tram to The Mirage?
Are both The Pastels and Crooked Fingers American music groups?
When did the singer of Mestarit salilla serve in the Finnish Parliament?
Which ruling was more unanimous, Montejo v. Louisiana or Vacco v. Quill?
Which is the higher mountain, Saltoro Kangri or Langtang Ri?
Were both Dee Brown and Edwin Arlington Robinson American writers?
The 2170 mile Oregon Trail connected various towns along a 150 mile long valley, forms the cultural and political heart of Oregon, and is home to three of Oregon's largest cities, including which city that is the state capital?
Daniel Goodfellow won a bronze metal at the 2016 Summer Olympic Games with his partner who specializes in what event?
My Swagger is a single by the group formed by what label?
Warren Arthur East is the CEO of a multinational public limited company incorporated in what year?
Which subgenre of dark wave music was performed by the and formed by Lisa Hammer ("née" Houle) and Eric Hammer?
Who's musicall style includes more than one style, Sammy Hagar or Kevin Rowland?
Which Norwegian actress and model starred in a 1972 British comedy film directed by Jim Clark?
Which breed of hound is known by more names, the Austrian Black and Tan Hound or the Tyrolean Hound?
What Epcot attraction used the same theme song as an attraction replaced in Disneyland by America Sings in 1974?
Which of the operas "Elektra" and "Vanessa" had more acts?
Are Pixies and Into Another both American bands?
What nationality is Folarin Ogunsola, a swimmer who competes for the smallest nation in mainland Africa?
Zbyněk Hrdel was selected by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the 9th round (286th overall) of a draft held at which city?
What character played by Kristin Stewart in the film marries Edward Cullen in the 'The Twilight Saga'?
How long is the roller coaster that sprawls across much of Paradise Pier?
The title of Scars Upon My Heart anthology is taken from a poem written by this English nurse?
What band made their debut in 1978 and is a member of the Evangelical Covenant Church?
Daniel Kahneman introduced Cumulative prospect theory, his findings challenge what assumption?
Is Joe Camp and Soleil Moon Frye both from America?
Which of the Antarctic region expeditions led by Robert Falcon Scott discovered The Knoll?
St James Holdings Limited is a company set up by which English billionaire retail entrepreneur in the sporting goods market?
What genre of music is Covered: Alive in Asia?
What type of district does Electoral district of Ashford and Keswick, South Australia have in common?
What was the Native American tribes and First Nations peoples in North America were known as with whom The Battle of Dead Buffalo Lake was took place?
What religion is the artist who interpreted While My Guitar Gently Weeps by the Beatles into finger style guitar playing?
What was the nationality of the novelist for whom the Gaskell Memorial Tower and King's Coffee House is a memoral?
Which episode of Beavis and Butthead aired chronologically first, "Tech Support" or "Daughter's Hand"?
What kind of mines are the Giant Mine and the Discovery Mine?
Were The Absent-Minded Professor and Lt. Robin Crusoe, U.S.N. made in the same year?
Who was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars in 2013 that was back-up on 2009 Michigan football team?
Do Francis Ford Coppola and Paul Mazursky share the same nationality?
Who is the writer of the bestselling book series Gone and "Soldier Girls"?
Are Digital Summer and Charlie Simpson from the same country?
What year was the church the Archbishop of Melbourne is seated at built?
What drink would the people of Nannus use to celebrate what Dionysus did for them?
MS "Freedom of the Seas" is a cruise ship operated by a cruise line operating how many ships?
What was the name of the debut album which contained a single called "I Believe" and was recorded by a 1990s British dance music/rock n'roll band from Cinderford, Gloucestershire?
Who led Jesus' baptism in the Gospel of Mark?
What experimental work is the French physicist, born in 1947 who serves on the selection committee for the John Stewart Bell Prize established in 2009, well-known for?
Battle of Canusium was part of a larger offensive to narrow the base of the general who was the son of which commander?
Which city and an important business and cultural centre in northern Italy was Gleb Wataghin born in?
Ronnie Dunn and Jenna Sanz-Agero were both formerly part of bands in which they each acted in what role?
What American breaded cutlet dish consisting of a piece of steak coated with seasoned flour and pan-fried is likely to be served at a typical Southern United States meat and three restaurant?
The champions hockey league consisting of the HV71 hockey club, is considered what?
What actor appearing in "The Doctor's Dilemma," died in 1979?
Are Ernst Jünger and Dashiell Hammett both nationals of the same country?
Adolf Čech led performances of operas by a composer who was active during what period?
How are Angostura bitters and Smoking Bishop similar?
Which cartridge did John Browning design that has a rim that is the same in diameter as the .50 GI?
Shirley Breeden narrowly beat which Republican for the 2008 term Nevada United States Senate seat?
How are the spiritual beings, of which the title character of the 1995 film "Zazel: The Scent of Love" is one, typically described?
Of Nerf Herder and The Academy Is..., which was formed earlier?
The Sager Strong Award was created in honor of an American sports reporter who covered sports for CNN, TBS, and what other station?
The actress that plays Goddess Parvati in "Devon Ke Dev...Mahadev" had her movie debut in an Indian film directed by who?
Ron Dugans was hired in 2010 by what American football coach that is currently the head coach at the University of South Florida.?
What American epic neo-western did Dafne Keen star in?
What does Barbra Streisand's son do for a living?
The author of the Vesuvius Club plays what role on the HBO Series "Game of Thrones"?
One Plus One is One is the fourth studio album by what English indie singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist, who was born in Dunstable, Bedfordshire?
Damián Szifron was the writer-director of which black comedy anthology?
What is the name of the kingdom that followed the ancient Egypt's Fourth Dynasty?
Which director was older at the time of their death, Luchino Visconti or Chester Erskine?
Which breed of dog is fluffier, the Keeshond or the Shar Pei?
An eight cylinder engine with the cylinders set at an angle is called what?
What system of two galaxies had its discovery announced on a television program presented by Brian Cox and others?
Belly stars what rapper who published a book of memoirs in 2003?
Which magazine is published more frequently, Watercolor Artist or Bon Appétit?
Which band was formed first, Circus Diablo or Cave In?
" The BFG" is a 2016 American fantasy adventure film staring what actor born in 1978?
Wee Cooper O'Fife is a folk song also recorded by which folksinger that died in 2005?
Yves Chauvin was a French chemist who won a Nobel Prize while working with which American co-founder of Materia?
What position does Sundar Pichai hold in Google?
What New Zealand director directs the American horror comedy television series Ash vs Evil Dead?
Patricia Felicien is from an island country with a population of how many people?
Did singers Errol Brown and Dee Dee Ramone both perform in a band?
What was the nickname of the Morello family member that was convicted of counterfeiting money in 1910?
Ennio Morricone composed the score for this 1976 film directed by Bernardo Bertolucci.?
Word of God was the danish submission to the Academy Awards taking place in which year?
Which company has more direct relationships to end-users of their product, American Electric Power or Chesapeake Energy?
When was the sixth studio album released in the United States by the first Australian pop music group to achieve major chart and sales success in the United Kingdom and the United States?
Papercutz has begun publishing English translations of what Belgian comic franchise?
In which county was this British actress, who was married to a government minister and appeared in "This Man Is News" along with Barry K. Barnes, Alastair Sim and Edward Lexy, born?
What was the name of the chain that was in business for over 150 years and that Federeated merged another company with?
How many songs did the star of 2009s Bride Wars perform on the Ella Enchanted original soundtrack?
Are both Andrzej Munk and Nelson Pereira dos Santos film directors?
Laura Weissbecker was an actress in a pseudo-reboot that began with what film?
How many survivors were there of the disaster in which the MT Vector oil tanker collided with a ferry?
Which post-apocalyptic US film, also starring Will Smith, was Alice Braga's first major international role?
Darwin's Black Box: The Biochemical Challenge to Evolution is a book by an American biochemist best known for his argument for his stance on what?
Sarah Southern and George Osborne have what in common?
Harrah's Resort in southern California is Indian owned, but which Nevada based gaming operator runs it?
The county in which the Old Florida Museum is located had what population in the census of 2010?
What sport was played by the person Leigh Anne Tuohy was the legal guardian of?
For what was one of the people who accepted It's Raining Men known?
Tracy Ferrie is the current bass player for a band that sold more than how many records?
Which dog has been used for hunting for over 200 years, the Majorca Shepherd Dog or the Colombian fino hound?
What size is the airport at which Wamos Air has its main base?
Which mountain is taller, Tongshanjiabu or Kanjut Sar?
What is the nationality of the illustrator who has done artwork for an American metalcore band formed in 1990?
The Moruya Times and South Coast Journal was published in a town that relies predominantly on what?
Having a Party was the A-side to which Sam Cooke soul song?
Are John Mulholland and Robert Benton both screenwriters?
Where are Children's National Medical Center and MedStar National Rehabilitation Hospital Located?
Which lab did one of the inventors of a type of rocket artillery first built and fielded by the Soviet Union in World War II work at?
How many acres does Luna Park cover?
What sensibilities from postmodernism does Dieselpunk borrow from?
What is the name of this city in Washoe County, Nevada, in which Excel Christian School is located?
Who is featured on RefNet and is the chairman of Ligonier Ministries?
Country living is a magazine that features Lifestyle and home content,what Ohio town made their 2012 “50 Things To Do This Summer in 50 States” list?
John David Morris' father was one of the founders of what institute?
Who were the three leading actors in a film that shows Traitor's Ford?
University of Alabama in Huntsville is a college located in what county?
Which American President established the American organization that chose the National Millenium Trails?
Which football team's home stadium hosted the Deutschland-Cup in 1990 to celebrate German reunification?
Who won the 2009 Dr Pepper Big 12 Championship Game for the team which was coached by Mack Brown with a last second field goal?
Described at the age of 17 as "the new face of American hockey," this person was selected in a draft held at what institution in 2015?
The drama series Most Wanted stars this American actress who was born in Los Angeles who also portrayed what character in the 1971 film The Beguiled that seduces Clint Eastwoods character?
Which Italian professional footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Serie A club Milan is Mino Raiola a agent of?
One Night Stand performers include what American stand-up comedian and voice actor, whose roles include voicing Iago in Disney's Alladin?
Lamar Holmes played college football at a university located in what city?
What Shakespeare play including a character named Fluellen focused on the events preceding a 1415 battle during the Hundred Years War?
This film production company was started by an Australian who had a lead role in what 2001 romantic-comedy fantasy?
Which American musician, Walt Aldridge or Kurt Cobain is still alive and performing?
What three states are covered by the volcano range including the North Cascades?
ThunderCats the video game on the Nintendo DS is based on the same series that began in what year?
Torrens Bridge railway station was east of Bonython Park, a 17-hectare park in the West Parklands. What station was located 1.7 km from Torrens Bridge?
Which movie is based on Thomasina, the Cat Who She Was God, Honey, I Blew Up the Kid or The Three Lives of Thomasina?
Who was born first Donnie Munro or Chris Robinson?
The AXIS Theatre is owned by what Enertainment Corporation?
Which celebrity is older, Tony Harnell or Faye?
What medal did Kubrat Pulev win after beating Roman Kapitonenko in the semifinal at the 2008 European Championships?
In addition to Fermantle Football Club and Greater Western Sydney Giants, what other team did the 2008 Ron Evans medal winner play for?
How did the crowd react to the overthrowing of a two-time Argentinian president in 1930?
How many episodes does the South Korean television series at which Jung Eui-chul reached the peak of his career have?
What name did the Ice Arena go by before becoming the home of the Adelaide Adrenaline?
The actor that was in the films Love & Other Drugs and Adaptation also played what sitcom character?
What is the name of the ghost town, home to only a single active residence, located about 20 miles south-southwest of Helena, Montana?
The university that William P. Baker went to is the founding school of what system?
How many decades has the career spanned of the musician who was commissioned to write music for NBC's national news programs?
Which director is best known for their non-fiction films, Len Wiseman or Lilibet Foster?
Do the films McFarland, USA and The Santa Clause have different lead characters?
Dimitris Cheilaris was a teammate of which Milwaukee Bucks small forward early on in his career?
Who manufactured the powerPC 970 processor for Apple's Power Mac G5, which later known as PowerPC G5?
Who was born first Colin Michael Foale or Roberto Vittori?
Who owns the network broadcast on WOTF-DT?
Which was released first, the animated film A Town Called Panic or the animated series Gurren Lagann?
What was the director of the film for which the song "Faith" was the lead single from the soundtrack of?
What country are Bap Kennedy and Van Morrison from?
What was the first stage name of the Hollywood Undead frontman that produced the solo studio album 'Nine Lives'?
When was the company founded that now publishes Formula D?
Ursula Reit starred in a movie as Mrs. Gloop which was adapted from what novel?
Who is younger Jónsi or Larry Stewart?
What type of film was Sydney Pollack's last film?
What type of group does Lincoln by-election, 1973 and Democratic Labour have in common?
Which writer was born first? Jonathan Kellerman or Walter Van Tilburg Clark?
Samantha Maiden was the political editor for what newspaper that was founded in 1912 by Clarence Moody?
The largest resevoir in the United States played host to the first Bassmaster Classic during what year?
Vails Gate, New York is part of the statistical area that contains the seat of what New Jersey county?
In which town is the headquarters of the company that has YU Televentures as a subsidiary?
Nitya Mehra is a director who worked on the Ang Lee film that was based on the 2001 novel by whom?
Were The Parent Trap and Frank and Ollie both documentaries?
The rapid anti-personnel minefield breaching system and Bangalore torpedo are both examples of explosive devices used to do what?
What country of origin does Yu Ying-shih and Asian studies have in common?
What was the athletic activity of choice for the father of a South Korea based rapper and dancer involved with GOT7?
How many albums has the singer of the title track to the soap opera Krishnadasi released?
Do Virginia Ruzici and Travis Parrott play the same sport?
Barack Obama won the Colorado Democratic Presidential caucus by a wide, two-to-one margin over which American politician who was the First Lady of the United States from 1993 to 2001?
League of My Own II is a studio album by which English rapper?
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky and what American credited with creating and building the world's first liquid-fueled rocket, made theoretical and practical breakthroughs for spaceflight?
What Southern District of New York U.S. Attorney was fired by Trump?
Han Hyo-joo won Best Actress at the 34th Blue Dragon Film Awards for her performance in a movie that was a remake of what 2007 film?
Sophia Lillis is best known for her role in a movie directed by whom?
Where is the Italian luxury vehicle, which was featured in the Italian GT Championship, manufactured?
What state does 2008 McDonald's All-American Girls Game and Bradley Center have in common?
Yazdegerd II fought wars against which Central Asian people based in Bactria?
What brand did the film, "The Barbie Diaries," focus mainly on?
Which player is from Argenitina, Javier Frana or Arnaud Clément?
Which expelled politician is partially to thank for the current home of the Youngstown Phantoms?
Were both Nine Black Alps and Brand New formed in 2000 or later?
Were "Rembrandt's J'Accuse" and "Courting Condi" released in the same year?
Zach Ville played college football for the Missouri Tigers named for a band of guards called what?
What barrier does Hannah Baxter remove when she acknowledges and comments directly to the audience?
Where was the Canadian multinational mass media and information firm which South Western Reporter was part of founded in?
What name did the Central Intelligence Agency give the Nevada Test Site that Richard Mingus worked at?
Who owns the company that Lindsay Frimodt did a fashion show with in 2002 and 2003?
Which region did the Sami flag belong to?
What is the name of a Las Vegas Resort, where Elvis Presley's Band once performing was also formally known as the International Hotel?
Is Nada Surf or The Fray from further west?
Are Beth Gibbons and Ian Curtis the same nationality?
Which English singer is older, George Michael or Philip Oakey?
Have Jonathan Stark and Pieter Aldrich won the same number of Grand Slam titles?
How many stars did the actor in Arizona Mahoney, Saboteur, and Dial M for Murder receive on the Hollywood Walk of Fame?
Annika Herlitz provided the Swedish voice for Elsa in the Disney film inspired by which fairy tale?
Given the information above, before what date was the Schoen-Yau conjecture disproved?
Which game is the oldest, Ticket to Ride or King of Tokyo?
What organization does 1989 Western Michigan Broncos football team and Mid-American Conference have in common?
What head of state position was held by Harry S Truman when he gave Harold E Wilson the Medal of Honor?
The mother of Katherine Eunice Schwarzenegger received what award for her coverage of the 1988 Summer Olympics?
When Craig Dillingham performed on the radio or the television version of a show based in Louisiana?
Peter Head and Bon Scott were musicians of what nationality?
What Conference did Jordan Phillips play in in college?
What was the common profession of Piotr Artur Trochowski and Roman Grill?
Who directed the 1994 film Struan Rodger was in?
Who is a filmmaker from Australia, Bob Rafelson or Paul Cox?
Keri Collins and James Kerwin are both what?
Which magazine focuses on religion, Liahona or Film Threat?
What actor received an Academy Award nomination for a film directed by Martin Ritt?
Are both Fresco and Torres german based board games?
What Hong Kong actor starred in Ip Man 2?
Who coined the term used to describe the genre of Souyuan?
What date was the first live concert of the band co-founded by the woman who won Female Performer of the Year at the 2008 AVN Awards?
What is the most common predator of the animal that is susceptible to the parasite Parelaphostrongylus tenuis and typically inhabit boreal forests and temperate broadleaf and mixed forests of the Northern Hemisphere in temperate to subarctic climates?
Cry, Onion, a film directed by Enzo Castellari, comes from a subgenre of films that emerged from what time period?
Who is the squash player who played in the Women's Allam British Open 2014 and has been in the top 10 for 151 months?
Who is more popular in mainland Europe, LaFee or The Smiths?
What other Canadian hockey equipment producer was acquired by Bauer Hockey?
The historic house, George Rymph House, is located on this post road in the U.S. state that connects Albany and which region?
What is the invention of the social entrepreneur whose life is the subject of an upcoming 2018 Indian film called 'Padman'?
Chris Dickson is an English-born footballer for what team that is administered by the Ghana Football Association?
Harold Edward Holt went missing while swimming in the suburb of what city?
Squealer is a fictional character in what adaptation of a 1945 George Orwell novel?
Ellis, Idaho is located on what major north-south highway?
At what university did professor Lee Smolin popularize the theory of casual dynamical triangulation (CDT)?
What is the birth name of performer featured on Harminize's hit song called "BADO"?
What country does Harmers wood and Helsby have in common?
Attack of the 5 Ft. 2 In. Women parodied the attack committed by the former figure skater who won the US Figure Skating Championships in what year?
While both were born in the 18th century, which composer was born first: Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart or Giacomo Meyerbeer?
What is the state called in which the official currency of Japan is higher compared to other currencies?
How many characters is typically used in the runic alphabet found on 30 runestones that refer to Viking Age travels to England?
Blue Hills Parkway runs to the north edge of a reservation in the town that was the birthplace of which former President?
Which party won the 1995 San Francisco mayoral election?
In what year was a Kodaline hit single featured in a film?
Though he won an Academy award for his short film biography of a 19th centry English engineering giant, this animator is also known for advirtisements of what product in the UK in the early 1980s?
Who is younger Víctor García or Lee Sung-min?
In 2017 it was ranked as the world's 26th most reputable university and it awarded Kenneth Turner what honorary degree?
Who directed the movie that featured three animals and featured the voice work of National Baseball Hall of Fame manager?
Which pathogenic fungus did Annie Gravatt study?
Which singer is best known for being the lead singer in a band named after himself: Toby Rand or Jonah Matranga?
What is the french term for the level of the mass rapid transit where riders can purchase their tickets?
In Battle of Leyte and the Battle of Saipan American forces fought the?
What was the nationality of the rising young producer who oversaw the production of "Forgotten Faces"?
Who wrote the books that the 2006 animated adventure comedy film that Anthony DeRosa animated was based off of?
To what form of dance following the Sub-Saharan African music traditions and Bantu cultivation of rhythm does the Tofo Tofo Dance Group perform?
The Bawku municipal district is part of what region?
Kevin Brock played for what English professional association football club that was founded in 1892?
Which skyscraper is currently under development, 200 Vesey Street or Wall Street Tower?
In what capacity did British Army intelligence officer Derek Knee serve in World War II to the Field Marshall nicknamed "Monty" and the "Spartan General"?
How many structures designed by the Tonkens House architect were completed?
In which season of coaching was the longer serving of the two coaches of the 2016 Auburn Tigers football team and 2016 Oklahoma Sooners football team?
Are The Verve and Richard Ashcroft from the same country?
What is the name of the Australian state in which Fernando de Moraes last played with the South Melbourne FC?
How many years after his death did the first film to portray the life of the First World War fighter pilot Manfred von Richthofen come out?
In which country was the coach of ND Črnuče, during the mid 1900s, born?
What state is the American heavy metal band, who worked with Nick DiDia, from?
Did Jeffrey Steele and Frank Iero both become Nashville songwriters?
Which Fictional character was portrayed by an English actor who made his screen debut as anwar kharral in the first two seasons of the British teen drama television series "Skins"?
"One Fish, Two Fish, Blowfish, Blue Fish" is the eleventh episode of 22 episdoes that season that aired between what dates?
What actor stars in Predestination and Game of Thrones?
What team defeated the New York Yankees and finished five games ahead of the Atlanta Braves in the 2003 World Series?
What major American war did the Union corps commander born in 1827 fight in?
Was Adam Anderson in the the Hurts or The Virgins?
Florey electoral district takes in what suburb in Tea Tree Gully, Adelaide, South Australia?
In what city's borough would one find the neighborhood in which the "electric park" which inspired many others is located in?
Did Diet Mountain Dew and Pepsi have different names before they were called Diet Mountain Dew and Pepsi?
Which character from the BBC drama "Robin Hood" did this famous English actor who also starred in "Closer to the Moon", play?
What is the location identifier of the Geneva Airport railway station?
Which retired American professional tennis player was defualted in a 1999 match for swearing at a line judge?
What singer who is known for the song "He Stopped Loving Her Today" worked with E.G. Kight?
Who was born first, George Reed or Johnny Bright?
What is the primary language of the First Nations community which Sandra Lovelace Nicholas belongs to?
What video game package included a game featuring the character GLaDOS?
What film produced by BBC Films was adapted from the 2003 novel of the same name by Zoë Heller?
What genre was the 2007 movie in which one of the stars of the Ohio based 1988 movie appeared?
Where is this late post-classic Mexica sculpture, which Antonio de León y Gama wrote an essay about at the time the sculpture was discovered, housed?
Are Sergei Parajanov and Syed Noor both film directors?
What actress best known for her performances in the films "Blade Runner" also starred in Jane Austen in Manhattan?
Which film was produced in America, Time Bombs or Out of Place?
The coach of the 2008 Florida Atlantic University Owls football team coached what national championship team in 1983?
Which recently demolished stadium was home to the first British football club to win a major European tournament?
Which part of England has the same accent as the accent that Jim Burke performs "chap hop" in?
The Südost Autobahn ends near a city in Austria with a population of what?
What route contains the tunnels which connect the island whose name means "Bamboo Man" with another island?
In what arena did Bison Dele play home games for the NBA in 1997?
Lucila Salao, a Filipino sprinter, competed in the women's 4 x 100 meters relay at an international multi-sport event that was held in what city?
In the 2007-08 season, the player who scored 19 league goals for Blackburn Rovers was born in which year?
What is the governing body of the football team Emanuele Giaccherini plays for?
What play write's play won a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Set Design?
Which commander of the Republic of Texas is played by Laurence Harvey in The Alamo?
In the 1979–80 NBA season, Philadelphia 76ers acquired a guard from the Portland Trail Blazers who has recently served as a head coach of which NBA team?
Are Planter's Punch and Fizzy apple cocktail both alcoholic cocktails?
What type of film was the 2006 comedy film that the host of "The Andy Dick Show" wrote/directed/starred in?
In the Washington Redskins 83rd season Robert Griffin III suffered a concussion and consequently missed the rest of the preseason, what was his nickname?
The OVRA was founded under the reign of an Italian king that also served as King of the Albanians during what years?
The Stud is a 1978 British film staring a Swiss-born actor and director who is based where?
What two musical activities are represented in the two paragraphs?
Who is the market near the Blackstone Block Historic District named for?
Who co-invented the first electromagnetic telegraph along with one of the Göttingen Seven?
Who was the movie, for which James W. Sullivan was nominated for an Academy Award in the category Best Art Direction, produced by?
Are Peter Weibel and Josh Trank of the same nationality?
After appearing in the Stephen King adaptation Misery, Richard Farnsworth received an Academy Award nomination for his part in which 1999 film?
Mandar Madhukar Deshmukh received his BTech degree from an institute located where?
What is the name of the controversial event, in which the Toyota TF105 participated, where only 6 of the 20 entrants finished the race?
"Jerk De Soleil" is the 8th episode of the first season of which American animated musical comedy television series?
What year was the original host of Fear Factor born?
Graham Gold is a DJ who broadcasts live Friday nights on a radio station that also broadcasts on what around the UK?
Yuri Bondarev and Oscar Kurganov wrote the script for the sequel to this four-part 1977 film epic, starring who?
Ngong Forest is home to which sole member of the genus Crocuta?
Who is younger, Paul Meany or Nigel Clark?
Where is the academy, from which the Democrat State Senator from Maine's 4th district from 2004 to 2012 graduated, located?
The Jungle Book is about a boy who evades what type of animal?
Who is the actress that is the lead role in ImageMovers' first released movie?
Which college football team that is currently a member of the Big Ten Conference, once had Canadian football player, Jason Nugent, play for them?
What country does Lex Gabinia and Pompey have in common?
When was the opera from which Una furtiva lagrima is taken first performed?
What is the release date of the Lady Gaga song that was produced by Nick Monson?
Where did an event take place resulting in a win during a domestic double due to the action of a Peruvian footballer known for his goal scoring ability?
Which city in the far western corner of the U.S. state of Texas was the birthplace of Carrasco?
How tall is the building which has a Tejano Monument on the south lawn designed by Armando Hinojosa?
What is the seating capacity of the stadium that hosed the 12th edition of the UEFA Women's Championship?
Were Carl Sagan and Mary Doria Russell both American?
What cartridge was used in a standard issue service pistol for the armed forces of the United Kingdom from 1887 until 1963?
George Fuller's father founded a brewery in what year?
Syneilesis and Nymphoides are both what?
What genre do The Gaslight Anthem and Seaweed share?
Who is the director of this 1977 American musical drama film starring Adrienne King and John Travolta?
What artist born as Tyrone William Griffin Jr. Is featured as s guest on the album Ether, by B.O.B.?
The executive producer of Paranormal Lockdown is featured on Travel Channel paranormal series narrated by who?
Josh is a sitcom starring a comedian known for appearing on what during 2014-2016?
Which manager of 2011–12 FC Porto season was born on 17 October 1977?
Who has had the more varied musical career, Thomas Anders or Sonya Scarlet?
Are Aiphanes and Cymbalaria both spiny plants?
When was the American actress, director, singer and dancer who was a cast member in "Stomp the Yard: Homecoming" born?
What movie staring Ben Foster was released in 2009 and directed by Christian Alvart?
The Cincinnati Enquirer competes with the paper published by what company in Butler County?
Rosslyn Taylor stars in what show that follows a character named Rudy Tabootie?
Alan Westaway appeared in two episodes of series 4 of which British sitcom that ran from 26 February 2001 to 24 May 2011?
What revolution led to the overthrow of King James II of England and its news led to overthrow of androws in the Boston Revolt?
Clíodhna was the queen of what female spirits in Irish mythology?
Where is the headquarter located of which John Claiborne was an early president?
Andrew Bryniarski starred in which Michael Bay classic film remake?
Which Swedish marketer served as a judge on the music competition series Idol 2016 alongside Quincy Jones III?
Which had a bigger population at the 2011 census, North Willingham or Market Rasen?
Who was the drummer of the band formed by a founding member of Nirvana after Kurt Cobain's death?
Who won the Australian federal election, 1998 to become the 25th Prime Minister of Australia?
Are both the University of Chicago and Syracuse University public universities?
Louis Rooney plays for what football club based in Belfast?
The Flower Boy album by rapper Tyler featured what Norwegian artist known for her "soft, soul-bearing electro-pop"?
In between Huadu District and Xiantao which one covers an area of 2538 square km.?
What cover song by hard rock/blues rock band AC/DC was included on the 1.22.03 Acoustic EP?
What Avenged Sevenfold album is the first to not feature Jimmy "The Rev" Sullivan and the single "Shepherd of Fire"?
What village in the northern part of New South Wales is made up of mostly farms and is close to another village in New South wales that is about 30 km north of Lismore, 33 km northeast of Kyogle, and 70 km west of Byron Bay?
Which building contains more square feet, 50 Hudson Yards or 15 Penn Plaza?
When the Flag of the East India Company was updated what flag besides the Flag of the United Kingdom was added to it?
Lawrence Turman helped produce this film based on a military robot who is struck by lightning and gains human like intelligence?
Both Eric Hillman and Jon Rauch are tied for being the tallest player in what sports organization?
Are Ang Lee and Cameron Crowe of the same nationality?
Vincent is a short film that can be found as an extra on which 1993 Henry Selick-directed DVD?
Who has the highest scope of profession in Dirk Frimout or André Kuipers?
Jim Challinor died in a town loated in what county?
What city was a founder of the The National Basketball Retired Players Association the mayor of?
What LIttle Shop of Horrors star is currently on a film acting hiatus?
Which opera has more acts, Faust or La vestale?
Port Subdivision has a northern terminus at the port with facilities on both sides of what river?
The drivers' world championship of the 1990 World Rally Championship was won by Carlos Sainz ahead of Didier Auriol and a Finnish rally driver who won how many world rallies?
Which Australian suburb serves as the headquarters for the Mornington Peninsula Astronomical Society?
McCluer South-Berkeley High School is located in a suburb of which major metropolitan area?
Between Purshia and Juniper, which genus has more species?
When was the author of Eat to Live born?
What other sport was played by one of only two batters Philip Barzilla faced in his pitching debut?
Who wrote one of Johnny Cash's greatest hits?
What shows have seen guest appearances by the actor who played the voice of Hamm in "Toy Story"?
Who was the Medal of Honor recipient who has a cutter named after him?
Was the boxing match between Carl Froch vs. George Groves, billed as the "Battle of Britain", held indoors or outdoors?
Johnny Cash is a part of what unique statistic?
The 2017 film adaption of Madeleine L'Engle's 1963 fantasy novel stars what Star Trek captain?
Hip scoring is a procedure used to determine the degree of an abnormal formation of the hip socket, that can cause crippling lameness and what other joint disorder?
IN what national forest is a canyon system part of the Pottsville Escarpment located?
What English actor starred in the musical film Newsies but is known for doing blockbusters and lesser known independent projects?
Dr. Kenneth Steiglitz was born in what Hudson County township?
Gullah Gullah Island, which was influenced by Saint Helena Island, is what type of television program?
Johan Cruyff was an exponent of the football philosophy expounded by a coach of what nationality?
What year did Otto I, Holy Roman Emperor's mother become Duchess of Saxony?
Who grew up in the Caribbean island of Dominica, Nicholas Evans or Jean Rhys?
What play by the writer of the 1992 film "Hoffa" opened on Broadway on December 6, 2009?
What kind of vocalist is the performer of the song "Walking in the Air", of the 1982 animated film "The Snowman"?
Of Myles Goodwyn and Justin Timberlake, which started his musical career earlier?
What was the career of the man on which the novel Black Ajax is based?
Which of the Timberwolves players under 20 years of age played for the Duke Blue Devils?
In which country can one find the Rundle Mall on Hindley Street in Adelaide?
Which was released first, Brave or Sky High?
What type of media does Kung Phooey and Rumble in the Bronx have in common?
Libra is a novel written by an American essayist whose works have covered the advent of what?
Which World Heritage Site in Colorado was explored by Frederick Hastings Chapin?
What football position did Lopes' former boyfriend play?
In what modern city did Ferdinand Johann Adam von Pernau die?
How many matches did the husband of Magdalena Graaf play for Sweden?
What is special about the African-American cultural and educational center the descendants of enslaved Africans from South Carolina attended?
During the Jurisdictional Immunities of the State case brought before the International Court of Justice, which country was found to be guilty?
Whos style was described as "highly melodic", Porno for Pyros or Marco Restrepo?
Which road linking London and Birkenhead is situated close to Bletchley?
Which county in England did the new, in 2016, assistant coach of Kolkata Knight Riders play?
What career did Bert McCracken and Nick Jonas have in common?
Which installment in the "Planet of the Apes" reboot series does Steve Zahn star in?
Matt Smith is a retired American professional baseball player that graduated from this Roman Catholic, private preparatory school in Summerlin, Nevada?
Were both films Murderball and The Saved from the same country?
Are Lechenaultia and Iresine native to the same areas?
What was the air date of this 2014 South Korean television series starring Jo In-sung, whose soundtrack was by Punch?
Which part of Europe was the region which has Straja, Suceava as a commune?
What was the event that involved President George H. W. Bush and was discussed in a book by two authors, one of whose name was Jane Mayer?
What division of the American armed forces fought the Imperial Japanese Army, also know as the "Dai-Nippon Teikoku Rikugun", or "Army of the Greater Japanese Empire", at Bougainville during World War Two?
Of what title deriving from the Latin word for substitute, for what period was the title held by 1852-born English cricketer?
Frosty's Winter Wonderland is a 1976 animated Christmas television special that is a sequel to an animated Christmas special that first aired on December 7th, 1969, that features what comedian as the film's narrator?
Johnny Narron is a friend of this center fielder whom he helped in his recovery from drug addiction who won the MVP award in what year?
Are Anyang and Fenyang both in the same province in China?
Twixters is an International Multiplatform Comedy Series aired in the UK on SKY Channel 189 and is the premium channel for what community?
What country are Paul Hunter and Paul Bernardo from?
What was the first onscreen appearance of the British-American actress who starred in "Parade's End"?
What did the biographer of the British photojournalist noted for his work in Africa found?
In a midsummer nights dream Robin Starveling was one of the Mechanicals, who wrote the play?
What county is the birthplace of Bjørn Tore Kvarme located in?
Keira Knightley began acting as a child and had several supporting roles such as in "Everest", but became famous after landing which role?
In which country the Dinosaur Jr. was formed and M83 music rockband currently based in?
In Batman: Under the Red Hood John DiMaggio was what fictional supervillain created by Bill Finger?
What American professional baseball pitcher who played for the Houston Atros started his baseball journey as Nova Southeastern University?
What is the home port for U.S. Navy Fleet ballistic missile nuclear submarines armed with Trident missile nuclear weapons located near SR 40 in Georgia?
Are the Kids Alright? and The End of America are both what genre of film?
John Campanius was a Lutheran priest assigned to a colony established during what devastating war?
When was the Scottish-born scientist died after whose invention "Kōbushō" had started an effort to make telephone receivers?
Mark Levin was a chief of staff for which Reagan Administration Attorney General?
What martial art has the actor who played the antagonist in Thuppakki learned since the age of three?
What Soviet politician served under the First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union?
Who is the pilot that broke the speed of sound in 1947 that was interviewed for the book by Tom Wolfe?
What school did Idaho Vandals' head coach go to after hiring Robb Akey?
Which British national museum holds Over The Top and banches at five locations in England?
Which propaganda film was released first, Tunisian Victory or Triumph of the Will?
Verite has played at what annual music festival that has also provided a platform for political groups?
Benjamin Hanby composed what song that originated with a poem by Emily Huntington Miller?
Lei Day celebrates an object that is a type of what?
Which Sustainment Brigade descended from an infantry regiment of the New York Army National Guard?
What was the religion of the person who created the first modern hospice care?
What is the name of the publisher that releaed the book "Long Shadows"?
Depinder Singh was an assistant to the Chief of the Army Staff who had servied in what force during World War II?
What is the birthdate of this American actor, who starred in the 2004 Christmas themed drama Noel?
What conference was the winner of the The 2007 Big 12 Conference Baseball Tournament in before 1996?
Legs For Literacy is sponsored at the 10km distance by the fast food franchise that operates how many stores?
Jacob Miller is from Weston, Florida which is a master planned suburban community in what county?
Chili Con Carnage and Total Overdose are games both developed by which company?
Are Hoonah Airport and Lubbock Preston Smith International Airport both located in the US?
What commissioned officer qualified as a pilot in the US Navy had a destroyer named in his honor?
What person of british nationality also has a Ghanian passport?
What English Professional ballroom dancer is a judge on Dancing with the Stars?
"I'll Never Get Over You Getting Over Me" was written by a woman born in what year?
Which game, RoboRally or Plateau, was rereleased in 2016 by Wizards of the Coast?
Jawani Phir Nahi Ani stars the actor who is known for his role as whom in the serial "Pyarey Afzal"?
Sam Collins' 2015 cricket documentary features interviews with what former cricket player, nicknamed "Aggers"?
Which college, Smith College or Princeton University, moved it's location more times?
Who was the director of the 1992 romantic comedy film starring the actress whose breakthrough role was in the 1982 comedy-drama film "Diner"?
Which director is also an actor, Hampton Del Ruth or Ryan Murphy?
Which mountain is near the site of Leopoldo Bates' flawed reconstruction?
The animated character who later used the slogan "The one and only cereal that comes in the shape of animals" to promote Crispy Critters was originally created to promote which cereal?
Which city are both Tower 49 and One Liberty Plaza located within?
What genre is the band who released the cover album Leaders Not Followers Part 2?
Cho Yangho is the chairman of what airline whose headquarters is located in Seoul, Republic of Korea?
The tour that Taylor Swift completed in Singapore on June 12, 2014 grossed how much?
STS-7 was NASA's seventh Space Shuttle mission carried the first American woman in space in 1983 who name was?
Fuling District and Taishan are both located in which country?
What world record is held by the avenue that contains Argentina's Obelisco de Buenos Aires?
What sport did a star of 1976 blaxploitation film: "Dr. Black, Mr. Hyde" play professionally?
The younger brother of Gary Russell Jr. was voted what in 2011 by "Sports Illustrated" and ESPN?
Nora Roberts High noon is one of how many novels written by the bestselling author?
Are Kinder Morgan and Cincinnati Financial insurance companies?
Which Disney family film was released first, Darby O'Gill and the Little People or Big Red?
The Buckner Building in Whittier Alaska withstood what natural disaster that claimed 139 lives?
What kind of technique was used by the composer of the Lyric Suite?
What is the main product of the company which acquired The Portland Group?
Who plays the music that appears in Marquese Scott's most popular video?
In the 32nd NHL All-Star game, which "Mr. Hockey" made his final appearance?
The Brazillian musician with two collaborations with The Black Eyed Pease has how many music releases?
Peter Bartlett gave voice to a character in Disney's "The Princess and the Frog", which was based on what book?
What denomination of minister was the man commemorated at the Lovejoy State Memorial?
What country does Ngezi Platinum F.C. play in?
Everett Turner joins what kind of Americans?
The Sword in the Stone released in 1963 and the later 1970 film the Aristocrats featuring Eva Gabor were produced by what company?
Who founded the Japanese clothing brand which was one of the brands distributed by I.T?
One of the proposers of the first railroad built in the state of New York surveyed portions of what land for the US government?
Who was born first Carl Sandburg or Lawrence Durrell?
What does the company mine where James T. Prokopanko is a former president?
Did Harry Keller and Angela Murray Gibson die at the same age?
Which board game is older Vinci or Capitol?
After the Appleseed Cast grew to fame and toured with Frank Black, how many times did they break up?
What "Stranger Things" actor co-starred with Bryan Cranston in a movie?
What country did Frank Jardine represent at the V Olympic Winter Games?
Were is the serial killer, that the Mothers of Murdered Offspring were instrumental in bringing to justice, being held?
Are both Matt and Kim and Jem Welsh musicians?
Where is the carrier who inaugurated flights from Chennai to Mysore based?
In which city did the brother of Karan Kapoor run the Prithvi Theatre?
What is the a particular focus of the organization for which Andrew A. Snelling works?
What type of area does Nyingchi and Zhuozhou have in common?
Sigur Rós' EP consists of the songs the group composed for an American dancer and choreographer who was at the forefront of the American modern dance for more than how many years?
Where is the football club from that Glen Robert Moss plays for?
Rah-rah skirt was considered a heavier version of what ballet costume?
In what part of the Absheron Peninsula did Eldar Gasimov host a 2012 song contest?
Which Epcot ride closed in 1995 to be refurbished and closed permanently in 1996?
Who founded Maverick Aviation Group headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada?
Aboke was the site of the abductions by what heterodox Christian cult?
Sethe is the protagonist of what 1987 novel written by Nobel Award winning author Toni Morrison?
After how many days did the manager born in July of 1955 resign from the Manchester City Football Club?
American composer John Adams cites the work of a composer from what country that is best know for his symphonies, masses, and motets?
What team did the star of the film Phase IV play in the NFL?
What fictional character is the first creature Lucy meets in Narnia in the first scene of Narnia described in "The Chronicles of Narnia"?
Floyd Charles Peters played college football at a public research university that offers how many different Bachelor's degrees?
Starry Messenger was about which father of modern physics?
Are Yixing and Dezhou the same level of city?
Can both Doug Fieger and David Johansen be described as singer songwriters?
When was the professional association football club formed for which Fulham's Craven Cottage was named?
Which award did the Jaleel Ahmad White who starred in Muriel Resnik's 1966 homonymous film collected?
The Attix dramatist Euripides made a play similar to which Greek tragedian?
Which group developed the first-person psychological horror video game that the upcoming first-person survival horror video game Allison Road is supposedly a spiritual successor to?
Mike Casey was a part of what some consider to be the best recruiting class in UK history which included a player who named an All American how many times?
What district did the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma represent in Congress?
Carolina Coastal Railway (reporting mark CLNA) is a shortline railroad that operates several lines in a state that has how many counties?
Five states lie above the Florida Acquifer; which three states are NOT endemic to the Dougherty Plain cave crayfish?
Ann McGovern Scheiner may be best known for her biographies of figures like a woman who disguised herself as a man in order to serve in what?
Jason Phillips was coached in Atlanta by the coach who now is the head of which Canadian Football team?
In what year did this Argentine dancing competition begin airing, in which Bailando 2012 was its eighth Argentinean season?
Which joint program with a public research university in Clear Water Bay Peninsula does Menachem Brenner teach for?
Albert Odyssey: Legend of Eldean is a role-playing video game produced for a fifth-generation home video game console that was released in North America on what date?
Who stars with Samuel L. Jackson in a film about a former college football prodigy?
What is the middle name of the woman who Anne Sophie Mathis beat for a boxing world title?
When was the pilot episode aired on the series in which Brooklyn band Cheeseburger scored music?
Atchison is a city and county seat of which county?
Which center for the San Antonio Spurs in the National Basketball Association (NBA) averaged 25.6 points, 13.0 rebounds, and 3.9 blocks per game?
Wyndham Lake Buena Vista is located across from a shopping complex opened in what year?
On which corner of North 4th and West State Streets is the arena that the 2010 Milwaukee Iron played in?
Win Lose or Draw is the second studio album released by a rapper who was once a member of an American hip hop group that derived the bands name from what term?
What is the stage name of the female lead in D'Lucky Ones?
Belgrave Heights Christian School is located in a low mountain range with its highest mountain rising to how many meters?
How tall is the Grist mill located in a town apart of Great Neck in Nassau County, New york with a population of 830 per the 2010 census?
Which actor, born in 1926, appeared in the film Sandokan the Great?
What is the name of the first fully musical episode of the animated television series about a boy who lives in the fictional town of Beach City with the "Crystal Gems"?
What label released Awolnation's 2010 iTunes EP which shared songs with their 2010 album, "Megaliithic Symphony"?
What actress and singer who played a starring role in "Grease" was a special guest during the Mormon Tabernacle Choir's 2015 Christmas shows?
The actress that played Tiffany Mitchell in the BBC's "EastEnders" appears in what 2017 tv short film directed by Richard Curtis?
Which author is English, Studs Terkel or John Braine?
What team does the athlete featured on the cover of the FIFA 17 video game play for?
What type of drinks are Pibb Xtra and Canada Dry?
Which University did the composer of the orchestra suite Water Music attend?
Sailor of Fortune is a 1955 British-Canadian TV series starring ann actor that was born in what year?
What chemical compound caused the industrial disaster in Henderson, Nevada on May 4, 1988?
Paul Raymond Publications designed a magazine in response to what two US adult magazines?
Which British character voiced by Thomas Sangster is one of five characters in a Disney Channel series?
The Specialists is a multiplayer modification for a computer game developed by what company?
The drivers title of The 2009 Portuguese GP2 round was claimed by which German professional racing driver currently racing for the Renault Sport F1 Team?
The city of Gavle received its charter during which era?
Between University of Waterloo and University of Texas at Dallas, which institution offers broader programs involving applicable work experiences?
Which university has more colleges within the school, University of Alabama in Huntsville or University of North Texas?
Are there currently more Stabyhouns or Paisley Terriers alive in the world?
What food is sold at both Upper Crust Pizzeria and Papa Murphy's?
Who was the title track about from U2's album that Apple CEO Tim Cook marketed as "the largest album release of all time"?
Which movie about a group of war pigeons in World War II was Pip Torrens in?
Who was born earlier, George S. Kaufman or Allen Ginsberg?
The 1999 film is an adaptation of a Shakespeare tragedy throught to be written between what years?
Do Il mondo della luna and Dalibor both have connections to German opera?
In which year, did this earliest guest star in 1999 for SpongeBob SquarePants stop providing the voice?
Troy Industries is best known for the rifle that replaced what model in the US Army by 1961?
Bebe Rexha and Eminem are both what?
The Governor-General of the United Provinces during the Seige of Sluis died during which time frame?
What is the name of the river that had a bridge in the capital of Britannia Superior?
Which surname of Mongolian origin do the male actors of Bollywood Sha, Aamir, and Salman share?
Not Love Alone is the first opera by a Russian compser and winner of what prize?
Back to the Future: The Ride was previously located at Universal studios where it has since been replaced by that simulator ride based on the animated television series "The Simpsons"?
What Indonesian-American actress starred in the movie featuring the title track by Everlife?
Fredrick Law Olmsted was an American landscape architect, journalist, social critic and public administrator that designed what neighborhood in Trenton, New Jersey?
The club that won the 29th edition of Serie A was founded in which year?
Angelo My Love was directed by an actor who has won how many Golden Globes?
Of the two, 56 Leonard Street and Latting Observatory, which was known as a wooden tower in New York City?
This group encompassed a federation of Alpine tribes, including the Calucones, for about 6 centuries starting around 500 BC.?
In what city did the director of the film The River meet Satyajit Ray in 1949?
How many districts are there in the region of Ghana where the Lawra-Nandom constituency resides?
In what year was the Canadian singer who recorded "L'étoile" born?
Joyce Beber's campaigns promoted what woman known as "Queen of Mean"?
Makalu and K2 are both what?
In between Clarence Brown and Amos Gitai which one is Israeli filmmaker, mainly known for making documentaries and feature films?
What year did the anchor store of the GVK One mall open?
John Michael McDonagh wrote and directed The Guard which was nominated for a BAFTA, and replaced this film as the most successful independent Irish film of all time?
Which owner of Chartwell led Britain to victory during World War II?
Were both drinks, the Smoking Bishop and the Mickey Slim, popular in different countries?
Frank Dean Lucas's congressional district stretches from the edge of Tulsa to what other state's border?
As of August 2017, where is the football team that Habib Sharifi played for ranked in the FIFA World Rankings?
Who produced the television series to which Brett Gelman for his roles?
Arsenal won the 2015 FA Cup 4-0. Three of the four internationals who scored that day have since left the club. Which one is still with Arsenal?
Are both David Byrne and Takahiro Moriuchi musical vocalists?
What is the name of the Soviet sniper and World War II hero who had has sight restored by Vladimir Filatov?
When was Michael Tippett's best known work composed?
Which was founded first, Monash University or Portland State University?
The place where the 2011 KHL Junior Draft took place is how many miles outside of Moscow?
Which was established or founded first Emory University or University of Chicago?
Are a Fuzzy navel and Pastis both alcoholic beverages?
Which band was formed first, Against Me! or Volcano Suns?
Are Herbert Ross and Denis Villeneuve from different countries?
The Final Solution pays homage to a series where Sherlock Holmes calls his later archenemy the "Napoleon" of what?
Which was leaked first Squeaky Dolphin or classified information from the National Security Agency?
The school École Belge de Casablanca is located 9 km from a mall designed by what architect?
Gallery is a magazine published by a company headquartered in which city?
Steve Little was drafted higher than what future NFL great who was inducted into both the College Football Hall of Fame (1994) and the Pro Football Hall of Fame (1999)?
What 1955 CinemaScope film resulted in an Academy Award nomination for Jack Stubbs?
This SBS Anchorman's daughter appeared in a film with an outbreak of H5N1?
Who was born first, Ödön von Horváth or Alexander Blok?
Kwamie Lassiter played college football for which Big 12 team?
Conquering Dystopia is an instrumental metal supergroup founded by Keith Merrow and a former Nevermore guitarist born in what year?
The Wrestlers is a grade II listed public house on on a read linking between which cities?
Are both Choisya and Oenothera endemic to the Americas?
What did the technical device made by the british aeronautical engineer during the second world war do?
Christopher Mitchell starred in a film based on a novel by what author?
What actress with a 65 year plus career starred in Michael Truman's 1962 comedy film with Dave King, Robert Morley, and Dennis Price?
Season 6 of The Voice included the coach who debuted in 2001 with what song?
What characteristic does Bursaria and Boykinia share>?
Who attacked American Airlines Flight 444, in a nationwide bombing campaign that targeted people involved with modern technology?
Which one of these singers is from Canada, James LaBrie or Sonya Scarlet?
The record company that released blue Monday was founded in which year?
Where is the Mound Bayou Public School district located?
Where was the paramilitary commander famous for massacring Jews living in Kaunas, Lithuania born?
Which cocktail was inspired by a bartender, Hanky-Panky cocktail or Glowtini?
Crush 'n' Gusher is a water coaster to open at which theme park located in Lake Buena Vista in Orlando, Florida?
What is Amanda Crew's role in the movie Sex Drive?
Which band would be classified as Christian nu metal, P.O.D. or Swervedriver?
What song is in the movie directed by Paul Hoen based on the novel "if I had one wish"?
Who wrote the opera in which Lalla Miranda appeared in as Olympia?
Who is younger, Joe Camp or Boaz Yakin?
Who was the great-grandfather of the author of the "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn" and went to Kentucky with the first State Representative of Casey County?
Who wrote the 2011 television drama that Gong Yoo played a role in?
The field hockey player who said "May Campbell is one of the finest players I have seen, man or woman." won how many Olympic gold medals?
Which former White House employee worked alongside Kaitlan Collins at the politically conservative news website The Daily Caller?
What actress-comedian in Aap Ki Khatir is also a playback singer?
Of the two documentaries Crazy Love and The Life of Mammals, which was filmed after 2004?
Featuring songs such as "Monkey Gone To Heaven", Doolittle was the first international release, in 1989, by which band?
What occupation did Modest Mussorgsky and Carl Maria von Weber share?
Which musician was involved with both Luaka Bop and Talking Heads?
Maharishi Vastu Architecture was based on principles by which Transcendental guru?
John Waynflete Carter edited the prose of which poet known for "A Shropshire Lad"?
Which hospital was founded first, Walter Reed Army Medical Center or Providence Hospital?
What mountain range is associated with Kittanning Run and Allegheny Front?
Which of possible participant in murdering Donald Shea that was never charged was born on December 2, 1945?
The Incredible Jessica James stars the Irish actor who played Roy Trenneman on which comedy series?
What type of publication does Never Say Die and Anthony Horowitz have in common?
Averroes was a philosopher under which philosophical movements such as Aristotelianism and the 13th-century philosophical movement came into play in what other religions beside Islam?
Smallville was created by which co-creator of Superman who was also known as Joe Carter and Jerry Ess?
What is the hometown of the man who came up with the Alcubierre drive idea?
Between directors Bob Fosse and Shaun Scott, which one also acted?
Which of the movie which Roberts Blossom has a supporting role is directed by John Carpenter?
Which winner of the European Cup Winner's Cup became a Dutch football manager?
Who portrayed the character that teams up with Gale Weathers in the "Scream" series?
In what year did the airline which flies to Miami from it's base in Barcelona, Venezuela commence flights to Curaçao?
Who is the director of the 2003 American action slasher film written by Damian Shannon and Mark Swift in which the fictional character Alice Johnson appears?
In which city was the theater Judi Dench got her start with located?
Who replaced the singer in S Club 8 and The Saturdays as a host of The Xtra Factor?
The Book of Life filmed in Reel FX Creative Studios released in what year?
Who has performed more stunts, Rex Ingram or J.A. Steel?
Christian Serratos plays Rosita Espinosa in an AMC series that stars Andrew Lincoln in what role?
Where was the singer of the Oasis song "Talk Tonight" raised?
How many seat does the indoor sports arena where "2010 European Taekwondo Championships" housed?
Are Vikram Seth and Terry Kay both novelists?
Which 1956 French movie began the acting and directing career of François Leterrier?
Which writer was born earliest, Mary Gordon or H. L. Mencken?
Who was Chinese born, Gregory Nava or King Hu?
Which ran for a longer period of time, the Lorraine Campaign or The Battle of Anzio?
Where is the Spanish football club for which Ritchie Kitoko plays based?
Which Italian composer did George Balanchine add in 1976?
What division is the team for which Lou Crawford played a part of?
Which Italian professor of genetics edited the Theoretical Biology Forum?
Do George Roy Hill and Ted Post have the same nationality?
What was the release date of a song by Bae Su-ji that sold more than 1.3 million copies?
What does the Japanese call the bombing of Tokyo led by General Emmett O'Donnell Jr on March 9-10 1945?
What kind of group does Go Radio and Mayday Parade have in common?
What was the mascot of the 1926 Albany, Georgia based team that was a member of what was referred to as the "Negro Major Leagues"?
Which writer wrote under a pseudonym, E. E. Cummings or Julian Barnes?
Which airline maintains hubs at Berlin Tegel Airport and Düsseldorf Airport and continues to work with Kosovo Airlines?
What is the 2010 population of the small city next to a ghost town in Elko County, Nevada?
Sunflower, an album by Milt Jackson, had which influential and acclaimed jazz trumpeter, bandleader, and composer as their rhythm section?
Did Bruno Dumont and Fielder Cook share the same nationality?
What is the camp that is joined by a base previously named in honor of pilot and Boston surgeon, Lt. Frank "Jesse" Otis.?
In the year Ria van Dyke competed, who won Miss Universe?
Garner v. Louisiana and Williams v. Lee wee both held before which court?
What's the size of stadium where 2009 South Florida Bulls football team representing University of South Florida won the international bowl against Northern Illinois?
What Mexican painter inspired Michael Daugherty?
Who has more scope of profession, Ciro Ippolito or Andrew Davis?
Dwellers in the Crucible was a novel that spoke of the friendship between Spock and which captain of the Enterprise?
Mark Prothero was co-counsel for the man who was convicted of how many murders?
How far away is Modzrew from Poland’s capital?
Who had a role in Survival of Dana and played a character who had a younger sister named Laura?
Hamskifte used to be in which danish band whose compositions featured in Twilight, Miami Vice and on TV shows like and The Vampire Diaries?
Duke Micah lost in the 2012 Summer Olympics to which Belfast-based boxer?
Which instrument is Clara Rockmore a virtuoso of in the novel Us Conductors?
The actress who starred in "The Trouble with Normal" also appeared on which season of friends?
Which was built first, Union Canal or Columbia Canal?
Who did an actor in Killers from Space play in Airplane!?
Which occurred first, the Battle of Leyte Gulf or Tet Offensive?
What was the population as of 2010 of the CDP where Heckscher State Park is located?
Rhoda Gemignani appeared on multiple sitcoms produced by what company?
Which is a type of tree, Stenocarpus or Utricularia?
"Eight Arms to Hold You"' was a song recorded for the soundtrack to a film produced by who?
In what year was the sculpture completed that the Galleria dell'Accademia di Firenze is best known as the home for?
What Canadian province is the centre of the French colonization that began in the 16th century?
What hotel currently stands on the former site of Rouvaun's stage appearance on February 5, 1967?
Jung Sung-il placed 17th at the Winter Olympics figure stating competition that was held at what Olympic Amphitheatere?
Who coached a figure skater who won the 2008 World bronze medal?
Which comedy-drama was directed by Jonathan Dayton and Valerie Faris aside from the film written by Simon Beaufoy?
What is the birthyear of the assistant of the first English player to win football league titles in four countries?
Do Věra Chytilová and Harry Edwards have the same profession?
The tournament in which Michael Chang was named champion is located at which facility?
When was English lawyer and judge who delivered judgment in Candler v Crane, Christmas & Co became judge?
Which Oregon quarterback broke his ankle during a game at Arizona went on to play for the Los Angeles Chargers?
Belle & Sebastian: The Adventure Continues was released on what date in 2015?
The Saratoga Springs History Museum is located inside a casino that was the former site of what bottling plant?
Of Sparaxis and Brunsvigia, which has the most species?
Which companies co-financed the production of one of the three movies co-produced by DreamWorks Animation and Aardman Animations?
Andalusian Hound and American Bulldog are types of what?
When did Peter Hirsch work under an Australian-born British physicist and X-ray crystallographer?
Who wrote the libretto in a Shakespeare play-based opera by a man who was later Director of the Conservatoire de Paris?
The base of Jaffa Cakes is an Italian sponge cake named after what city?
Who is the younger brother of the coach of the 2005 Arizona Wildcats football team?
Zachary "Skeeter" Reece studied with an American circus performer who created the memorable clown figure "Weary Willie" based on the hobos of what era?
What number, has the group formerly named "Envy", newest single peaked at?
The 'Worlds Greatest Detective' faced off against Soloman Grundy in which season of the show Gotham?
Josh Dun is the drummer for the musical duo from what city?
Roman aristocrat Gaius Plancius Varus was born and raised in which South Asia Minor regional capital?
Between what years did the farming town with a population of 1,211 people play the Maher Cup?
What architectural style describes the building named after a 40-year mayor of Albany?
Our First President's Quickstep celebrated the President of the Confederate States during what time?
The airline featured in "Bombing Hitler's Dams" is based in which country?
Which band The Amps or Moist were founded first?
Which magazine was not running in 1895, The American Jewess or First for Women?
Which of the Man of Steel's enemies is married to Faora?
Which magazine is distributed in more states, Parents or The Watchtower?
Who is the filmmaker in each paragraph?
The Bravados starred what English actress who was born in Paddington, west London?
Texas Family Magazine has had which co-pastor of Lakewood Church on the cover?
Paolo Pelagalli-Rossetti is best remembered for the role of Bardolfo in an opera that has this many acts?
The actress known for her rolle in Veruthe Oru Bharya also starred with Kunchacko Boban in a Malayalam remake of what film by Neil Jordan?
Who was the Army Reserve where Lovell General Hospital was located at named after?
Kahramanmaraş is connected by air to Ankara by an airline that is a fully owned subsidiary of who?
Which Conservative predecessor of current Macclesfield representative David Rutley resigned causing a 1939 by election?
Katz Editores is a scholarly publisher that has released articles by the winner of what 2000 award?
Who named the storm which affected parts of the Upper Midwest of the United States, from October 31 to November 3, 1991?
Bajaj Auto, the motorcycle manufacturer, makes the Spirit. Where is its headquarters?
What is the full name of the central male character in the film Underworld: Evolution?
What former profession do Paul Varelans and Cal Worsham share?
What song that Trey Fanjoy directed a music video for was co-written by Taylor Swift and Liz Rose?
What is the name of this American professional wrestler, who is well known for his time with the World Wrestling Federation, under the name Crush and with the Group The Disciples of Apocalypse?
Which American singer stars in the 2008 sports comedy Semi-Pro?
What professions do Jeffrey Lau and William Blake Herron have in common?
Which fictional character named after a dish popular in the Victorian period sung Beautiful Soup?
What campaign for Budweiser, written by a Chicago based director, was first aired during Monday Night Football?
Field Marshal Sir Hew Dalrymple Ross saw active service during which uprising against British rule in Ireland lasting from May to September 1798?
What actress was born in 1967, has won two Primetime Emmy Awards and was replaced in the role of Grave Mulligan in the drama film Manderlay?
What metropolitan area is Creative Planning, Inc headquartered at?
Who was the brunette Canadian-American actress who starred in The Silent Scream in 1979?
In this 2002 film the Apollo 11 Moon landing was faked and recorded in a studio by the CIA with help from a director whose film are mostly adaptations of what?
How is Matthew William Goode connected to Leap Year?
The Sequins were influenced by what band's principal songwriter Robert Smith?
Young Ejecta is a duo consisting of a member from which chillwave group?
The Confederate States Army were responsible for answering to the head of which branch of the new government?
What is the code name for the German offensive that started this Second World War engagement on the Eastern Front (a few hundred kilometers from Moscow) between Soviet and German forces, which included 102nd Infantry Division?
Which is more populous, Biloxi, Mississippi or Pass Christian, Mississippi?
What was the primary profession of the person who coined the phrase Micropædia?
Which musician rose to fame earlier, Micky Dolenz or Jeff Lynne?
What kinds of citizenship does star of Kill Switch have?
Sebastian DeVicente starred in The City of Lost Souls with a Hong Kong actress who was the winner of two pageants in what year?
The 1992 Pacific hurricane season had a most notable storm of the system that formed on what date?
William Friedkin and John Quigley both shared what occupation?
What Victoria's Secret Angel did Anna Kaiser personal train?
Which opera Ernani and Stiffelio.has more acts?
The Series Land Rover that was manufactured in Tehran, Iran, was inspired by which US company?
What type of media does Fantasia 2000 and Mars Needs Moms have in common?
Dom Um Romão collaborated with many artists, this one, Sergio Mendes who is most known for being the co-writer for the song "Real in Rio" from which animated film?
In Boneland, Colin is now a Professor at an observatory established by whom?
Droga5 has completed advertisement campaigns for what founder and Chief Creative Officer of Ecko Unlimited?
In the 2013 BWF World Championships – Men's singles the defending champion won the olympics how many times?
Where did the JFK's secretary of state go to law school?
When was the American soldier died who served as a general in the Union Army during 1861-65 and was also a notable St. Louis citizen?
Songhor Lagoon is located near which coastal town in the Greater Accra Region of Ghana along the Volta River?
Where was the home where Gretl Braun was a member of the inner social of Adolf Hitler?
What awards has the author of the 2004 biography of Alexander Hamilton won?
In which year did this American film and television actress who began her career as a dancer and stage showgirl and appeared in Autumn Leaves pass away?
The Iraq Liberation Act was signed in to law by a president that was attorney general for what from from 1977 to 1979?
Are both Kenai Municipal Airport and North Central West Virginia Airport joint-use public and military airports?
Who directed the upcoming Marvel film in which Divian Ladwa appears?
What was the final movie released by Universal Studios in their series of sex comedy films?
Bertha von Suttner, the second woman to win the Nobel Peace, was awarded after which other female scientist who won in 1903?
SlamNation and Super Size Me are both what type of film?
Which country are Raphael Assunção and Marlon Moraes both from?
How many naval guns did these battleships carry, in which the Japanese aircraft carrier Shinano was the third of these battleships?
What is the radio frequency on which "Reminiscing" is broadcast?
Which song by a hip hop trio formed in 1987 inspired the single Candy?
In what year did Irish poet and playwright Seamus Heaney, winner of the Golden Wreath, win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Which character did Richard Haydn play in the 1945 film "And Then There Were None"?
What is the release year of this film directed by Marc Webb and written by Tony Flynn, which starred Mckenna Grace as Mary?
What suburb does Dean Frank Nelson work in?
Which of the town in which Borough of Broxbourne council is based is a town in the Broxbourne borough of the English county of Hertfordshire, situated in the Lea Valley?
"The World Is in My Hands" is a song recorded by a German dance music act with an estimated net worth of over how much?
Did St. Elizabeths Hospital or Children's National Medical Center house the most patients at over 8000?
Which Ology track features Lil' Fizz's cousin?
What young adult novel follows a young woman growing up when David Berkowitz began targeting young women?
What newspaper first recorded the existence of the town where Æthelwulf of Berkshire lost his life?
When was the American clothing and accessories retailer founded which headquartered is in the Southside Works Neighborhood of Pittsburgh and Sacha M'Baye has modeled for it?
Chris Grieder did what for this rock band formed in 1992 and based in Portland, Oregon?
What is an example of movement to whose state goal is to to help producers in developing countries achieve better trading conditions and to promote sustainable farming?
What part of the United States government is responsible for The Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965?
Who were the players of the guest-appearing band on Mega Gem's debut album?
The 76-mm air-defense gun M1914/15 was an anti-aircraft gun used during a war that lasted during which dates?
Do Arturo Ripstein and David Giler have the same nationality?
Are Dickie Peterson and David Ruffin from the same country?
In what nation is the race won by Mick Grant in 1977 held?
What American quantum physicist is featured in the film, Dalai Lama Awakening?
"America's funniest professor" Carl Hurley taught at Eastern Kentucky University, located in which city?
Which magazine is published more frequently, Women's Health or Kvinner og Klær?
The carriages for the New South Wales Xplorer were built in a suburb of what Australian city?
What kind of music is the song "Nothing Is Keeping You Here"?
What was the occupation of the Baron Archer of Weston-super-Mare's son?
The Philadelphia Stars were part of a United States professional baseball league that was comprised of teams predominantly made up of African Americans, but that also included who?
Who organized the beauty pageant at which Hoyan Mok was the winner in 1993?
Which Supreme Commander of the Irish Defence Forces' father was executed by the nascent Irish Free State?
Which former Governor of Georgia Sonny Purdue replaced Mike Young in which cabinet office in April 2017?
Ice Cube's The Predator was included on the soundtrack to Predator 2, which is a sequel to what stressful film?
Dream Dancing is a song first recorded on Decca Records in American in 1941, for the film "You'll Never Get Rich," by who?
What pitch was Lucy Mander's co-star in Doctor Zhivago trained to sing in?
Chun Woo-hee had a supporting role in which 2011 South Korean comedy-drama?
The Adams and Sickles Building is located in the county seat of what county?
What type of miniseries was a result of the comic books created by a writer born in 1954?
What two cities have publication offices of the weekly newsmagazine which also has a publication office in the capital and largest city of the autonomous community of the Balearic Islands in Spain?
A Cleric, best known for restoring allies' health and providing buffs to assist allies, is also known as what?
Are Digitalis and Galium both perennials?
What year was the last that Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis rode in the SS-100-X?
Are Harold Young and Jerry Belson both directors?
Which plant grows in a specific region, Dendromecon or Aulax?
What do Tim Kaine and Aneesh Chopra have in common?
Who was the top three pick of the 1992 draft that played most of his career for the Miami Heat?
Which county in Florida is the third-most populous and is north of Deerfield Beach?
The castle that was the Seat of the Culdares line was owned by what person from the 1920s until the 1950s?
Amber Gray was in what 2016 Off-Broadway musical written by Anais Mitchell?
The 1990 Detroit Tigers season saw the record broken of "The Hebrew Hammer" by whom?
Robert Nardelli was succeeded as CEO by Frank Blake in 2007 after being named as one of the "Worst American CEOs of All Time," at which retailer?
What team did the Bristol Rovers play against in the game which promoted them from the Conference Premier?
Who had more occupations in the cinema industry, George Stevens or Claire Denis?
William F Romain led a team in an investigation a effigy mound in Adams County, Ohio, that is how long?
Pearle Vision stores in North America are owned by a company based in what European city?
Where was Eeli Tolvanen selected for the entry draft of NHL?
Which American musician was the guilterist of the Serenity of Suffering?
Which film was released later, Shocker or Very Bad Things?
Are Gustavus Airport and Augusta Regional Airport located in the same country?
What was the 2000 population of the town where The Round Lake Library is located?
Kim Swift, an American video game designer, was described as one of the most recognized women in the industry by an American digital, print, and e-commerce media company focused on who?
Although best known for playing Jesus, Brian Deacon also appeared in this 1972 British film by Michael Apted?
The Baupost Group asked which American investor, hedge fund manager, and philanthropist to run the hedge fund?
The only bird commonly found in North America is the state bird of what state?
What is the name of the Brothers who originally Started the band Chevelle and Wrote the Song Vitamin R?
The Iron Rattler replaced another rollercoaster built in what year?
Are Herman C. Raymaker and Ted Sharks both American film directors?
What country did rock bands Screaming Trees and Porno for Pyros originate in?
When was the singer of Teenage Love Affair born?
Who was styled by the person who is the father of Lady Sarah McCorquodale?
Sarah Freeman voiced the character Hannah Phillips in a 1995 film directed by who?
Which lasted longer, The Battle of the Wilderness or the Korean War?
Where did the proposed Maryland team that was meant to be owned by the same person owning Manchester United and the Tampa Bay Buccanneers get its proposed name?
When was the console, for which the game Tench: Fatal Shadows was made, released in Japan?
Who won the championship the same year that Sevilla Fútbol Club failed to qualify for European competition?
Are Albert S. Rogell and Michael Lembeck related?
How many rooms has the hotel which hosted EVO2014?
Ayot Green is one of several "Ayots" in the area including what small village and civil parish in Hertfordshire, between Harpenden and Welwyn?
What is the population where James Boadu was born?
What was the nationality of the person Jansen was named after?
Which city has a larger population, Houma, Shanxi or Yangquan?
Lower Swineshaw Reservoir is operated by which largest listed water company in the UK?
What animation division was tasked for production feature length animated film worked with Tor Seidler's books?
Paulino Uzcudun and Max Schmeling both fought which boxer?
What TV show did Stephen Glover write that was renewed for a second season?
Which university has more than one campus, University of Southern Denmark or Purbanchal University?
Narakasuravadham is an Aattakatha authored by a maharajah that was born in what year?
What actor starred in The Man in the Iron Mask and "Romeo + Juliet"?
What type of media does Lion and Rooney Mara have in common?
What is the origin of the conductor of Where are You, my Brothers?
Who was dubbed the father of the type of rock music that emerged from post-punk in the late 1970s?
When was the Austro-Daimler Sascha designer born?
John Weaver created three busts of which US fleet admiral?
Which is formed by more people, Relient K or Gotye?
How long did a series of 6 erotic feature films run after being ushered in by the 1965 Danish coming-of-age sex comedy;Sytten?
Treklanta (formerly "TrekTrax Atlanta") is an annual convention for what American science fiction media franchise?
How many people were killed in the worst flooding in Sri Lanka in 56 years?
Mason Moon Moorhouse has been a model for a global fashion brand founded in what year?
Which British party does the father of Ben Gummer who defeated the British Labour Party politician Chris mole in 2010 serve?
What new departure did "Speed of Life", opening track of his 11th album "Low", mark for David Bowie?
Of which irrigation complex is the area where Ken Darby set the water speed record?
Are both Eriostemon and Selaginella considered genus cliassifications?
Who's Doing the Dishes is a show hosted by the Irish singer-songwriter famous for being part of what group?
In what year did the New Brunswick band that Mike Crossey has produced records for form?
Where in Iowa's second largest city was an Ultimate Fighting Championship held?
Which "Saturday Night Live" actress, who won an award for her work in "Other People", played the character Mary Katherine Gallagher?
The Marshallian demand function was named after an economist known as one of the founders of what?
The University of Richmond and Middlebury College are both private universities in what state?
John Cabot had a first landing site of the province that blocks the mouth of what river?
Who was born first, Rowan Atkinson, or Maxim Baldry?
Ostava and Birds of Tokyo are both what?
Which country are Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park and Doñana National Park located?
Which airport is closer to its central business district, Mercedita Airport or MidAmerica St. Louis Airport?
What team, part of the Big 12 Conference of NCAA Division I, was Gary Hudson the coach of?
Which is longer, the Black River Canal or Gowanus Canal?
Who coached the team that stunned the Longhorns 39-33 on a last second touchdown pass in the 2008 Texas vs. Texas Tech football game?
The Taylor Swift song, "Tim McGraw," which charted within the top forty in the United States was written about all the different things that would remind Swift's whom of Swift and their time spent together, once he departed?
Between Jason Bateman and Jan Troell, which filmmaker has had a more diverse career?
Daniel Amos and The Ramones both started in New York City?
Who is younger Shy Carter or Charlie Puth?
How many shots did the last person prosecuted under The Treason Act 1842 fire at Queen Elizabeth II?
Which building is taller, 1166 Avenue of the Americas or 712 Fifth Avenue?
One of the Republican representatives proposing Bill S.978 also served in which role for the 115 Congress?
Which rock group has more members: Unsane or Pupil?
Does Darren Bravo's half brother bat left-handed or right-handed?
Which of the creator of Legit was born on 14 February 1977?
How long is the footpath devised by the author of the book which devotes an entire chapter to the Maiden Moor?
Lloyd Center is a shopping mall includes the Lloyd Center Ice Rink where a former American firgure skater first learned to skate and was later she was banned for life from what?
At a tournament where Wisoon Wichaya was coaching Thai football in 206, at least 38 teams were playing. How many of those teams were women's teams?
Olof Skötkonung's mother appeared in what line of sagas?
When was the German heavy metal singer-songwriter born who first two solo albums are contained in Earth Shaker Rock?
What type of building was built between 1752 and 1756 in the capital city of Mauritius?
Amigos para la aventura was Directed by this Argentine singer and Actor who was born on what date?
Were Pavel Alexandrov and Yuri Matiyasevich both working in the same area of mathematics?
Between Leucadendron and Anchusa, which genus has more species?
Which star of Heaven Help Us was also is "Toy Story"?
Mary Ochsenhirt Amdur studied the effects of smog on what town?
What television series ran for two seasons from September 1997 to March 1998, and was based on Walt Disney's adaptation of Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians"?
Lois Smith had a supporting role in which film starring Russell Crowe, Ryan Gosling and Kim Basinger?
What all-star from the Cavaliers-Warriors rivalry was born September 7, 1988?
What country of origin does Rochelle Aytes and Trick 'r Treat have in common?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the CDP in which Happehatchee Center is located?
Who is the Afghan politician who serves as governor of a multi-ethnic and mostly rural province of Afghanistan with a population of about 631,600?
The third baseman for the Toronto Blue Jays has Matt Hannaford as his what?
What ocean was both the Erie Canal and Portage Canal connected to at one point?
In what county was ALoysius J. Rekowski, a Canadian ROman Catholic priest, scriptual scholar, historian and translator born?
Alan Ruck co-starred in an updated TV adaptation of the horror series that was a sequel to the film released in what year?
In what year was this former Atlanta Falcons quarterback's pass batted away by Raymond Seals?
For which movie did the actor who took the title role in The Nerd win a BAFTA in 1981?
Which 2004 horror film is a sequel to a 2002 horror film collaboration consisting of three omnibus segments by directors from three Asian countries?
Which cocktail is named for a popular hotel waiter, John Collins or Porchcrawler?
In what city ar Cadillac Tower and Renaissance Center located?
What former Denver Bronco is son of College Hall of Famer Archie Manning?
Does InStyle or Love it! come out more times per year?
The historical unit of the US Army that began its service before the Civil War fought in what battle in 1879?
The Smithereens and Spacehog are both what?
Ms. G.O.A.T., an acronym for "Greatest Of All Time", is the debut mixtape by a rapper who was born and raised in which city?
When Hernando de Soto marched through the area of Citico, what present day states did her march through?
What is the population of the city the Central Theater is located in?
Which astronaut set an 8 day space endurance record on the Gemini 5 mission in addition to being one of the seven original atronauts in Project Mercury?
Richard Nieuwenhuizen served as a volunteer linesman at a youth football match in a city comprised of 6 what?
What was the birth name of the actor who bought the Krupp Diamond?
Newfound Regional High School includes students from what town with a population of 602 at the 2010 census?
Who was born earlier, Robert Bunsen or Gustav Kirchhoff?
When did Austria offer help to the american allies?
The album "Who Sampled This?" was created by Rob swift who specializes in creating original sounds and beats, which involve what device?
Over which holiday weekend is the event at which the Purdue All-American Marching Band is the host band?
Both La Belle Assemblée and Young Woman's Journal were publications targeting which gender?
What is the capital city of the country where Toumoukoro is located?
The last person to be shot by the terrorist, who renmaed himself Fjotolf Hansen, was shot in which city of Norway?
What series set in San Francisco, California was written by the author of Alex Cross?
What symbol identifies the currency that is maintained by the caja de conversión?
The Duchess of Malfi is an opera by the composer of what nationality?
What is a comprehensive community college which had the sport mascot of a Cougar?
What was the name of the last woman that Eddie Fisher of "The Eddie Fisher Show" was married to and had two daughter with?
When was the actor who played Walter Padick in The Dark Tower born?
The M6 Motorway and Brockholes are located in which city?
Are Ihor Podolchak and Johnnie To both filmmakers?
The Exies and Soda Stereo are both bands that play what genre of music?
The Organisation that allows a community to influence their operation or use and to enjoy the benefits arisingwas founded in what year?
What genre of live attraction does the company owned by Melissa Carbone produce?
Naiad, who is a fictional water element, was created by John ostrander and Tom Mandrake who collaborated at what Database?
When was the cartoon character which featured in A Christmas Fantasy Parade created?
Which cricketer debuted during the 2008-09 season and was suspended in 2017 for spot-fixing?
Which WWE signed wrestler was in the APA tag team?
What day in March 2012 did Jason Russell's viral video release?
How does Hilton Singapore connected to an adjacent Hotel which belongs to a Canadian international luxury hospitality company headquartered in Toronto, Ontario?
What city is the patron god married to Belet-Seri from?
What river in New South Wales has perennial stream called Blicks River?
Who co-wrote the song with Eminem featured in the movie "8 Mile" that was released on October 28, 2002, as the lead single from the soundtrack?
The actress that played Tai Frasier in "Clueless" also stars with Michael Douglas in a 2001 thriller film based on a novel by what author?
Both Chris Stapleton and Darius Rucker specialize in what genre of music?
True Stories co-stars which American actor who wrote autobiographical monologues in the 1980s and 1990s?
What is one of the five divisions of Ann Inc. which has store in Palm Beach Outlets in West Palm Beach, Florida?
Which Argentine professional footballer endorsed/worn Nike Hypervenom?
What do you think about the car is the debut album by what English singer, songwriter and musician who initially gained recognition for winning the Glastonbury Festival's emerging talent competition in 2015?
Are the University of California, Davis and University of Memphis both public?
What year was the console for which Rugrats in Paris: The Movie video game was planned to be released but cancelled itself released in Japan?
What movie did Jonas Rivera produce that was directed by Pete Docter?
What caused members of Alfred Shaker Historic District move to Sabbathday Lake Shaker Village?
How may countries does Bharti Airtel's parent company operate in?
Dana Swanson was the supporting host to what Guinness World Record-holding voice actor?
What organization has given "observer" status to the political party that Eric Fletcher is a member of?
What album was released by rapper Big Sean containing the song "Moves" and was produced, in part, by Metro Boomin?
The 7th director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, James Comey, was dismissed who had been under public and political pressure in his role in which controversy that involves communication of classified information of a prominent U. S. politician?
Where is the actress from who played in both "Round Numbers" and "Oliver!"?
At the time of formation, which band Tripping Daisy and The Fray had more members?
What is the name of the city where English Rock band Elbow produced 'Leaders of the Free World' and is also where the city of Salford is located?
What part does the actor in the Men With Guns movie portray in the show Narcos?
The television series Deadwood included what historical general store owner as one of its characters?
What occupation do Aleksandr Lyapunov and Yuri Matiyasevich have in common?
Which song writer do Taylor Swift songs "State of Grace" and "I Knew You Were Trouble" have in common?
This American guitarist best known for her work with the Iron Maidens is an ancestor of a composer who was known as what?
Bryan Harper's brother is how tall?
What is similar in the American reality television series airing on the History Channel Produced by Leftfield Pictures and "Pawn Stars"?
Which business that includes Dursun Aydın Özbek is located in Istanbul?
Sergei Rachmaninoff's "Prelude in C-sharp minor" which played a prominent part in the detective novel "Overture to Death" was a single part of how many pieces to the ternary prelude he composed titled "Morceaux de fantaisie"?
Was The Nearly Deads founded in a city closer to the Atlantic Ocean than Of Montreal?
Were both Nanni Moretti and Sidney Lumet Italian?
Who was born first, Wilfred Noy or Keanu Reeves?
When did the children's Indian television series in which Anushka Sen was popularly known started to broadcast?
What is the nationality of the director of Me and My Brother?
Ripe is the sixth album by a musician who began his career at the age of what?
The actor who starred in two movies featuring the character Batman played what role on an ABC drama series?
Both Daryl Palumbo and Jack Russell are part of what industry?
The 2013 World's Best Racehorse Rankings were sponsored by which luxury watch company?
What is the European Union's name for the artificial sweetener found in Nutrisoda?
Which British racing driver won the 1954 Spanish Grand Prix?
Doug Basham was an American wrestler who worked with?
Which religious settlement lived near present-day Iowa City and owned an appliance company now owned by Whirlpool?
John Mason is the public address announcer at a new arena that replaced which old basketball court?
When was the wife of Thomas Solomon Moses born?
How long is the river in which Fort Watuaga stood on the shores of?
Which of the Kapenguria Six was Kenya's first black head of government?
Which one is an acronyme, the HOPE Scholarship or the Georgia Lottery?
Marie Kremer is in the 2005 French thriller directed by whom?
On December 13, 2016 the second youngest Governor in the US endorsed who for Chairman of the Missouri Republican Party?
Which rock band was located closer to Ohio, L7 or Spin Doctors?
Which retail department stores at which Romeo Records was exclusively sold was established by Samuel Henry Kress?
When was the American actor, writer and comedian who was prominence with his "Comedy Central Presents" and also a star of Below 2002?
The actress that voices Meg Griffin on "Family Guy" also played Jackie Burkhart on a tv series set in what fictional place?
What was the historical name for the fourteenth-century tower found in a suburb of Edinburgh?
What was the original capitol of the kingdom that Rainald of Dassel was Archchancellor of?
The Mocoví are an indigenous tribe of a sparsely populated region of what basin?
In between Harry Everett Smith and Jonathan Demme who rose to prominence in the 1980s with his comedy films "Melvin and Howard" (1980)?
Charlyn Marie "Chan" Marshall, better known as Cat Power, appeared at the ArthurFest along with Yoko Ono in what year?
Did Marguerite Duras have the same occupation as Penelope Lively?
Which position did this footballer play, who along with Wynton Rufer scored a goal during the 1992 European Cup Winners' Cup Final?
John Maier is brewmaster for what Ashland, Oregon brewery?
Are Gigi Fernández and Sergio Casal both former professional tennis players?
What is the title of the book series Eileen Wilks, who is an award-winning writer, is the author of?
Vivienne Franzman is a British playwright whose first play, "Mogadishu", was critically acclaimed on its première at a complex that includes a shopping centre and what?
Who was this Mughal Emperor that reigned nearly half a century whom Saadat Ali Khan I fought alongside with against the Maratha in the Deccan?
Uganda Be Kidding Me: Live is a Netflix stand-up comedy special by an American comedian who hosted what late night talk show on E! from 2007-2014?
George Robert Reed shares which claim with a Canadian football player who played for Drake University?
In what year did the arena in which the 2011–12 Missouri Tigers men's basketball team played their home games open?
What job does the former American college football coach, who coached the 2004 Texas Longhorns football team, currently hold?
Who is Israeli illusionist, magician, television personality, and self-proclaimed psychic that appeared in the NBC TV show Phenomenon along side Criss Angel and hosted by Tim Vincent?
Who has directed a movie featuring the music of Omar Fadel?
Where does the ferry one would take at the east end of New York State Route 25 lead to?
Which genus has more species: Heracleum or Dirca?
What video blog, founded in 2005, did Lil Reese use to release his 6 music videos from his second mixtape?
Which team won the European Cup Final in which Helmut Winklhofer played?
Which has more restuarants, Sammy's Pizza or Azzip Pizza?
What subject other than the first black comedian to successfully cross over to white audiences did Shelia P. Moses write on?
The actor who played the role of Ed in the film "Good Burger" starred in what teen sitcom with Kenan Thompson?
What highway is Kentucky 7 km off of and is 878 km long?
Lady Amelia Spencer is the daughter of a British nobleman born in which year?
Are Francis Ford Coppola and Scott Hicks both film composers?
The Commonwealth of Australia and China are currently large trading partners as well as active members of the international forum for the governments and central bank governors from 20 major economies, known as what?
The Lockenhaus Chamber Music Festival has included performances by the solo pianist who has held what country's citizenship since 1972?
Philip Carlo was a biographer for an American contract killer who was associated with members of what crime family?
Time magazine's best novel of 2005 had it's screenplay written by what person?
Which Russian physician originally proposed the death drive in her paper "Destruction as the Cause of Coming into Being"?
How long is the road course in the auto racing track that is across from a United States Air Force installation in Nevada?
Which as more species Larrea and Forsythia?
Merle Reagle did crosswords for what magazine that has a focus on aging issues?
Who is older, Martha Stewart or Kathleen Hall?
Q1: What are the main two common uses for Pentetic Acid and Ethylenediaminetetraacetic acid?
Are Paul Hindemith and Maurice Ravel both violinists?
Who was born first, Sunye or Mike Ness?
Which restaurant focuses more on just pizza, Valentino's and Imo's Pizza?
Where was the research university at which Kenneth S. M. Davidson was a Mechanical Engineering professor located?
The mother of Rebecca Miller joined which agency in 1953?
From what country is the coach of the Turkish club based on the European side of the city of Istanbul?
Which 2010 book was written by an American politician and MSNBC political analyst?
Both John Frost and Adolph Malan were from which country?
Which Italian former professional footballer is the father of Christian Maldini?
Which airport Pocatello Regional Airport or Cyril E. King Airport is closer to their central business district?
Who has more scope of profession, Ralph Ellison or Erich Fromm?
What type of university was the college that Arena Football League player Johnny Sims attended?
What professional football team does the nephew of Bradley Orr play for?
Peter Segal directed the 1995 comedy film produced by whom?
Who played three seasons of college basketball for Georgetown and was later given the Dave Gavitt Trophy?
Which forest is known as the Suicide Forest and is located on Honshu Island?
Who wrote the screenplay for a movie featuring ChristIan bale?
"Big Fish" is a song from an album released by which record labels?
In what year did the theatre at which the Children of the Queen's Revels performed The Dutch Courtesan close?
Boathoist Cave is located in a British Overseas Territory that has how many inhabitants?
What part of a plant does Berzelia and Cabomba have in common?
Who was from Europe, Ron Fricke or Mariusz Kotowski?
Who was more spiritually involved, Edgar Cayce or Yukio Mishima?
What number Attorney General of the United States won the Missouri gubernatorial election of 1984?
What style of vocalist uses songs with a sentimental patriotic feel?
How many countries comprise the region that includes a country where North Sea oil was discovered in the 1970s?
Who is the actor that appeared in both Small Apartments (2012) and the SBS comedy series Pizza?
The movement that inspired Weusi Artist Collective was prominent in what year?
Kostas Andritsos and Alan Rudolph were a Greek and American with what movie occupation in common?
How many times during the season in which Manchester United recorded Lift it High did they lose?
Who recorded the sixth album of the band of the 58th greatest metal vocalist of all time, according to "Hit Parader"?
What songwriter is younger, Lauri Ylönen or Sam Endicott?
Who is the father of Valotte's singer- songwriter?
What Army Group was under the command of Wilhelm, German Crown Prince?
This private all first-class US air charter service flies from Oakland International Airport to the town of Kailua-Kona and the resorts of the North Kona and what other district?
Who is the main character in the animated television series that orginally aired on Nickolodeon and featured the underwater adventures of the this title character and his friends from Bikini Bottom?
Where is the high school that Gorecki graduated from?
Who was a founding father of the folk-song revival in England in the early 20th century and had a portait painted of them by Esther Blaikie MacKinnon?
"Magnet," released in 2003, is the title of the fifth solo album by which member of the Bee Gees, who was also the twin brother of Maurice Gibbs?
The English actor best known as Harry Potter starred in Horns which was directed by who?
What frequency does the radio station which hosted The Miranda Devine Show broadcast at?
The census-designated place of Woodland is located in a town named for what man?
Uma Thurman starred in a 1988 American historical drama based on the play "Les liasons dangereuse" by who?
Who directed a 1996 American science fiction Western film starring an actress best known for her role on Cheers as Kelly Gaines?
What Manhattan college was Theodore Shapiro a professor emeritus at?
What profession did Ivo Andrić and Kay Boyle share?
Aiko, Princess Toshi is the only child of Crown Prince Naruhito and what princess who was born on December 9, 1963, and is a member of the Imperial house of Japan through marriage?
Dudley Laufman is a caller in the dance style that has origins in what century?
Which Toni Braxton song influenced Jessy J.'s album My One and Only One?
In which city did Paul Van Doren found a shoe company?
The Fool which was first performed at the Royal Court Theatre featured an actor who starred in which 1965 film?
"Pure Imagination" was a cover version sung by Fiano Apple which was oroginally performed by Gene Wilder as Willy Wonka from the adaptation of the children's novel which came out in what year?
Are Vanjari Hound and Chien-gris names of dog breeds?
In which country is the league based that Frank Zappa denied an apology to regarding his song "Jewish Princess"?
What major French automobile manufacturer uses the PSA EW/DW engine?
Boarding Gate contains the member of Sonic Youth who was born in what city?
Does Mellow Mushroom or East of Chicago Pizza have more locations?
In regards to the album released on October 22, 2012, where did the Tour that was launched in support of it end?
Who was a Greek film director Andrew Lau or Yannis Smaragdis?
Are the Nicandra genus and the Calpurnia genus both in the Fabaceae family?
The singer known as "Ballad Prince" co-hosted what 2013 award ceremony?
Were Pier Paolo Pasolini and Franco Rossi of the same nationality?
Jack Duarte stars as "Tomas Goycolea" in a Mexican telenovela that was created by this person?
Besides directing, what occupation is shared by Raoul André and Mark Steven Johnson?
What was the name of the punk house which served as the home base for Lou Reed's band?
What magazine, started in 1966, was founded at Rabin county a high school.?
What is the best known brand name of the material other than dacron often used to replace the aneurysmal portion of the aorta in OAS?
Which band did Craig Northey formerly play with before releasing his solo album Giddy Up?
Who is the male presenter on Sky News Tonight, who has also presented for Sky News?
Besides writing the lyrics to Koduka Kodula, what was Acharya Aatreya known for?
What nationality was the Lax pair's namesake?
Ole Thyssen is a professor at a school established in what year?
When was the composer of the ballet Raymonda, director of the Saint Petersburg Conservatory ?
In which year was this band that released the song "Sitting by the Riverside" banned from touring in the United States?
The Traditionalist School is a group of thinkers that includes the English Muslim writer who was a student of what Swiss metaphysician?
Laura Loomer previously worked for Project Vertias with a political activist of what ideology?
The 1913 New York Giants were led by the manager nicknamed what?
What was the middle name of the man whose first TV show was "Hey, Landlord"?
Who ordered the execution of Fadilla's sister?
Which retired Iranian footballer, currently a coach, was part of the Iranian football club in Tehran, Iran called the Fath Tehran F.C.?
Who was born in an earlier year - David Draiman or Charlie Wilson?
What party did the author of "The Great Illusion" belong to?
Radiohead and Oceansize are bands that play which type of music?
Are both Tobias Sammet and Minoru Niihara in heavy metal bands?
The Short Life of Anne Frank includes a video of which second son of Alice Betty (née Stern) and Michael Frank?
Which pioneer of rock and roll music released a compilation album on Chess Records in 1982 that was later ranked by Rolling Stone as one of the greatest albums of all time?
Which director is more modern: Rowland V. Lee or Larry Clark?
Riviera Holdings Corporation owned a casino In Nevada which operated until what year?
What relationship did Antonio Lombardo have to the American mobster known by the nickname of Scarface?
The Republic Airways Holdings company is based in the same location as which of its regional airline subsidiary's headquarters?
Which soccer player is a cousin of someone who used to play for the Portland Trailblazers?
Who was the showrunner for the second season of the American web television series, created for Netflix by Scott Buck, in which Jessica Henwick made her debut?
Orlando Bloom starred alongside a French actress and model in the epic historical drama film Kingdom of Heaven which was released in what year?
Xestaspis paulina is endemic to a country that is located northeast of where?
Docs Keepin Time was a quarter horse who portrayed the title character in the film adaptation of the novel by author of what nationality?
Which American alternative rock band formed in 1999 performed in concerts opened by Mulchmen?
Executive Order 11850 was signed by which 38th President of the United States?
Which band was formed first, Concrete Blonde or Franz Ferdinand?
The winner of Miss Universe 2002 was retired from what profession?
What are three alternate names of the University where W.G. Godfrey received his BA and MA degrees?
Who was one of the Hitler's food tasters who worked at the first Eastern Front military headquarters?
Thomas de Canaberis was a teacher in a corporation organized during which time period?
In the city of Adelaide, Clarence Moody founded which conservative and daily tabloid-format newspaper in 1912?
Which is a biger species of plant Scrophularia or Callicarpa?
The song Gloomy Sunday, was written and first performed in what decade?
What is the name of the body consisting of 42 members, including Republican member Robin L Titus?
Are both Maremma Sheepdog and Austrian Black and Tan Hound a breed from Europe?
When did the University of North Georgia, also known as UNG, approve and consolidate the name change?
In what year was the singer who wrote the song "Tonight" with Iggy Pop born?
Name is the actress who starred in the film Saw directed by James Wan and the film Con Air.?
When was Sonam Dechan Wangchuck's half brother born?
Who came to prominence in 2006 and starred in a 2008 British drama?
The highest paid actress in the world in 2015 and 2016 has a cameo appearance in what 2014 documentary about Raf Simon?
What Louisville event had an American Thoroughbred racehorse as it's winner in 2017?
"I Met a Girl" was written by three people, one of whom was born in Cedartown, Georgia - name the other two people.?
What number Annual TV Week Logie Award show was the one with a guest who is best known for his role as Felix Unger in the television adaptation of Neil Simon's play "The Odd Couple"?
What des the Boston-Washington corridor have in common with the Quebec City–Windsor Corridor?
What was the name of the film directed prior to The Gentle Sex?
When was the Punjabi singer featured in "Lak Mera Kach Warga" born?
Kenwood is the home to what American politician who served as the 44th President of the United States?
Are both Goodyera and Orchis in the orchid family?
The movie version of "A Dog's Purpose" by W. Bruce Cameron stars what Canadian theatre, film, and television actor?
Which boxing promotion company is Michael Conlan currently signed with?
Who did the Detroit Tigers play against in the ill-fated baseball promotion in 1970 held at Comiskey Park?
Whose 2010 single was co-written by the "Drop It Low" artist?
What type of transportation does John Boulger and Jack Young have in common?
John Joseph O'Neill's brother that is currently in the band plays what role?
Hedley Marston attended a high school with a peak enrolment in the 1960s of how many students?
8-4, Ltd. performed Japanese-to-English and English-to-Japanese translation for what role-playing video game created by American indie developer and composer Toby Fox?
Washington Irving Bishop was a citizen of which federal republic?
What is the birth date of the actress who played a young widow in "Ghost Town"?
In what city is the company that owns and operates KDEL Channel 20 headquartered?
Who distributed the film which featured a boy who had previously had no film experience?
Are both Fibigia and Tanakaea a flowering plant?
Migos has had several singles but their chart topping hit cam from which album?
What city is the university located where Lester J. Reed received his Bachelors of Science from?
Which bank operates in the United States, China CITIC Bank or Capital One?
Dr. Dre's album Music & Me features a collaboration with what artist whom he has also produced?
Who wrote the novel that was the basis for the movie that Morfydd Clark played Frederica Vernon in?
What gun did the machine gun that the MG 3 is derived from replace?
Who performed in both Welcome to the Show and the band f(x)?
Lola Glenn Graham's repertoire included working with such artists as an Australian comedian that was discribed as the most significant comedian to emerge since Charlie Chaplin by who?
The song written by Jimmy Webb and originally recorded by Johnny Rivers in 1965 reached what level on the charts?
What home of the University of Alabama at Birmingham Blazers is where George Mira won the Most Valuable Player award for the World Football League championship game?
The Central Reserve Police Force, which has been accused of human rights abuses, operates under the aegis of what Government of India agency?
When was the man who saved 20,000 Jews hanged?
Who is the mother of Bess Armstrong and Fred McCarren's co-star in "How To Pick Up Girls"?
The famous publisher of Zenith Comics, Barry Johns, was kidnapped from which multi-genre entertainment and comic convention held annually in San Diego, California?
Was Edward Avedisian or Edward Keonjian born first?
Which steam locomotive built for Pere Marquette Railway (PM) by Lima Locomotive Works in Lima, Ohio looks very similar to the 2-8-4 "Berkshire" type steam locomotive built for the Nickel Plate Road?
Ermenegildo Pistelli is a practitioner of what study of historical language?
How long is the main river that is located in Oxford County, Maine?
Madeleine Stowe the star of 12 Monkeys won what award for her role in "Short Cuts"?
Who became a member of a band first, Dave King or Hyolyn?
Junko Takeuchi is the Japanese voice of the title character in the British-American television series created by whom?
Geno Lewis first played football for the team in which conference?
James Caldwell played a prominent part in a revolution that ended in what year?
Searpion of Egypt joined the Coptic Orthodox Church which is based where?
Lazarus Long is a fictional character created by an American science fiction writer who died in what year?
Which country does music producer Basto come from, who worked with Will.i.am and Britney Spears on "Scream & Shout" in 2012?
Were Subhash Ghai and Nora Ephron both in the film industry?
What ethnicity is the person James Newton Howard scored nine of his films for?
Do both operas Jenůfa and Oberon have the same number of acts?
Have both Fiorella Bonicelli and Bob Hewitt won Grand Slam tournaments?
Between Johnny Edwards and Ed Robertson, which musician was involved with more bands?
What were the dates of the campaign that eventually led to the Treaty of Roskilde?
Who is the featured in the documentary, Imagine the Sound, and is known for his passionately Afrocentric music of the late 1960s?
Which city in the county seat of Osage County the U.S. Route 60 serves?
The 2016 Africa Eco Race replaced a rally raid organised by who?
When was the early Indie role-playing game written by S.John Ross was first published?
In which exhibition of 1964 Joseph James Paparella was an umpire?
Which director is from India, Hall Bartlett or Kamal Haasan?
The Legislative Council of the Territory of Florida governed Florida after a treaty was made between Spain and what other country?
What position was held between 2013 and 2015 by a man placed under investigation by ruling political party of the People's Republic of China on June 26, 2015?
Are Zoé and Elbow both from Mexico?
What airport is in the same community as the Indie Rock Record Label founded by Ken Katkin?
How many American causalities were there in the battle that earned Clinton LaVor Romesha the Medal of Honor?
The upcoming film The Lion King stars the voice of this actor who is also known for his voice role as Darth Vader in Star Wars?
What is related to the filed of electronic literature and in a part of international standards within multimedia?
Between 1971 and 1979, the band Morningside Drive played in what club, located in the town of Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, United States?
In which year was the star of A Knight for a Day created?
Where is the community college located where Antwoine Sanders first enrolled?
Renntech makes modifications for the company headquartered in what city?
Turner, Montana, is located on Montana State Highway 241, 41.5 miles east-northeast of what city whose population was 1,203 at the 2010 census?
What was the name of Kim Jung-eun’s film that was an instant hit and beat out films like “Jail Breakers” and “The Way Home”?
What company's advertising mascot was the precursor to the dog that debuted in a Bud Light Super Bowl XXI ad in 1987?
Amtrak's headquarters provides service to which two rail lines in Virginia?
The folklore which Daniel C. Taylor gavea definitive explanation for the century-old is for which people?
Tropicana Country Club is located across from a hotel and casino that is owned and operated by Penn National Gaming, and is a franchise of what chain?
E. Ann McGee received her doctorate from a university that consists of how many colleges?
What do both Hundred Reasons and Pale Saints have in common?
What work of Rommel N. Angara was printed in the liwayway?
In what region of the United States is the expression Uff da popular among Scandinavian Americans?
When was the American politician from Illinois died who defeated Charles Harting Percy in 1985?
Thomas Lutz was born in a city in the state of Hesse in Germany, that as of 2013 had a population of around what?
What town did Nate Leaman coach the Union Dutchmen?
What is the name of the Macau, China based resort named after the finance chair of the Republican Nation Committee (RNC)?
For how many years did the animal who had a role in 2010 FIFA world cup as Sonny Wool in 2011 Rugby world cup live?
Based on the 2010 census, what was the population of the town that owns Sugarloaf Regional Airport?
Which national park is in more provinces, Cabañeros National Park or Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park?
When was the second eldest of the owners of Fanjul Corp. born?
What Russian freestyle wrestler was born in a capital city about 450 km south of the Arctic Circle?
What was the nickname of the host of MTV's The Rodman World Tour?
Which movie was released first, My Favorite Martian or The Shaggy Dog?
What is name of live album performed with the San Francisco Symphony from the band who performed the song "Fuel"?
Which type of horse has been used by both the British Household Cavalry and Anheuser-Busch Brewing Company for commercials?
Which film Babes in Toyland and One of Our Dinosaurs Is Missing was produced first?
What does the German citizen who is one of the two main protagonists is the film The Promise deny?
When was the Russian dramatist who wrote The libretto born?
Moonraker is the soundtrack to a James Bond film released in what year?
Which German professional racing driver won 2007 Masters of Formula 3?
The 44th Primetime Emmy Awards included which science-fiction actor as a presenter?
Which English writer known for comics like "Watchmen", wrote comics which contained characters called The Warpsmiths?
What chemist created a viscous, colorless liquid used in World War I?
The battle Bucephalus died after took place in what modern province of Pakistan?
Which actress was nominated for three Tony Awards and played the character of Mollie in Take Her, She's Mine?
What Polish and naturalized French physicist had a small rocky island near the eastern end of the Géologie Archipelago named after her?
What is the net worth of the inventor of the Swift Boat Challenge?
What was the Cowboys' record the first season under a coach who later became a broadcaster and executive?
What is the name of this African American Messman Third Class of the United States Navy who was awarded great honors for his bravery during the attack on Pearl Harbor and for whom a park is dedicated in his honor close to the Waco Suspension Bridge?
Are Robert Dornhelm and Serguei Kouchnerov both Romanian?
What is the film that Shuna Harwood was nominated for an Academy Award for adapted from?
The USS Florid was laid down at a navy yard with what nickname?
The 78th Army Band is an organization of the Army that served during what conflict?
Which game was releaed sooner, Downfall or Camelot?
Judith Roberts had a role in the 2007 film by the director of what dual nationality?
What hit single was sung by a band created by Jacques Morali and Henri Belolo and was also the title of its eponymous album?
Bryce Dejean-Jones played for which basketball team with the fourth highest winning percentage?
When did Joseph Druce murder John Geoghan?
The county that includes Frankfort, Main was named after who?
Shane Lee Dawson was known for making comedy videos that included celebrity impersonations of an American singer dubbed the king of what?
What is this German philosopher, sociologist, and composer known for who was one of the few well-known Marxist intellectuals in post-war Germany alongside Leo Kofler, Max Horkheimer and Wolfgang Abendroth?
What type of media does The Princess Diaries 2: Royal Engagement and Victory Through Air Power have in common?
Which Plebiscite of Przeglad Sportowy became a woman's Olympic champion in the 100 meteres?
Do both The Portage Canal and Erie Canal allow connection to the Atlantic Ocean?
The Cambodian Genocide was carried out by the followers of what group?
Deschutes was fifteenth-largest overall brewery in the United States among how many?
Pepe Correa was a trainer for which Panamanian professional boxer?
EXIT: E is the first extended play by a South Korean boy group that was originally what?
Which space station did Austrian Franz Viehböck and Germany's Klaus-Dietrich Flade both visit for a week in the early 1990s?
From what does the stadium derive its name where the Western Australia Combined XI played its cricket matches?
What race did the sister of the author of "Down from the Mountaintop: From Belief to Belonging" identify as?
What star of Metal Skin was born December 14, 1970, in Knoxfield, Melbourne?
On which coast of Florida are the Florida Institute of Technology and Kennedy Space Center located?
What is the climate of the plantation where the cotton gin was invented?
How many episodes did the South Park season featuring the episode "Casa Bonita" have?
Which American band had more members, Squirrel Nut Zippers or The Used?
Which actress from the HBO series "Westworld" starred in "Dear White People"?
What important political role did the female star of the film Talk About a Stranger hold?
What is the Hangul name of the 2013 film which Go Ah-sung had a major role in?
What game of chance has a name that roughly means fate or personal destiny?
What is the real name of the American hip hop musician who composed God of Black?
Which dog was originally bred closer to the Mediterranean Sea, the Bosnian Coarse-haired Hound or the Alaskan Malamute?
Are Grizzly Man and Little Dieter Needs to Fly both documentaries?
What is the group's title that covered the song that is the reason that is the main reason the album Raincoats is so well known?
Richard E. Grant starred in what 1995 British romantic comedy film?
Which genus contains more species, Calanthe or Lavatera?
What developer of the Bragg–Gray cavity theory was knighted in 1920?
William Desmond Taylor was famous for his work in this type of film, including Big Timber.?
What team captain in a cricket Test match between Pakistan and Australia, that took place in Pakistan in 1964, died in August of 2016?
Is the Hagerstown Regional Airport or the Jacksonville International Airport county owned?
Who wrote "All My Love" and was bassist for English rock band, Led Zeppelin?
Which musician has been a member of more bands, Henry Paul or Jens Kidman?
What number did the song "Reapers" by Muse reach on Switzerland's main music sales chart?
Kate Micucci voices Webby Vanderquck on an animated television series that currently airs on what station?
What book, written by RIchard Riordan, grossed nearly $430 million in the box office when adapted into a series of films?
When was the American murderer and body snatcher died based on who's anme Bradley Mark got a stage name?
What famous landmark in York, Maine is also the burial place of Mi'kmaq Chief St. Aspinquid?
The First Lady of the United States from 1981 to 1989 co-starred with George Murphy in a 1952 film directed by who?
For which team in the National Hockey League does this Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman, who was named top defenceman during the 2008 IIHF World Championship, play currently?
Whose band had more leader singers, Maurice White and Simon Le Bon?
What is the name of this musical, writtedn by Jeanie Linders, debuting in March 2001, starring Jeon Soo-kyung, in its Korean production?
What year was the musical that contained the original song that Shirley Jones did a cover of for on her first album?
Where was John G. Young's alma later ranked in U.S. News & World Report's 2016 listing of top public liberal arts colleges?
The CMLL 74th Anniversary Show included a cage match with which masked professional wrestler as part of the competition?
Which band is from a country closer to Canada, Local H or Bodyjar?
Jorge Miramón plays for the team that is in what autonomous country?
Who is the writer of the series Agent 327 is named after?
What is the major city of place which Manchester is near the northern end of?
Which dramatist was English, José Echegaray or J. B. Priestley?
Was Rohinton Mistry or Erica Jong born first?
What army chaplin published a self published song in 1940 by FC Houston.?
] Conax develops television encryption, conditional access and a set of access control technologies for restricting the use of proprietary hardware and what kind of works?
Was the film Zokkomon or the novel The Wind in the Willows published or produced earliest?
What song is featured on the sound track of a American satirical romantic comedy-drama telenovela developed by Jennie Snyder Urman?
Who was from farther west, Marshall McLuhan or Claude Simon?
Jeffrey Ettinger serves as independent director of a company founded in 1923 that is headquartered in what city and state?
So What was by the singer-songwriter who was drafted into the Eagles to replace the multi-instrumentalist who had what musical background?
Which band from East London had Steve Marriott as a band member?
What is kept in an Shrine located in Sakyō-ku, Kyoto, Japan?
What role did Denis Lawson play in the 1983 British comedy-drama film written and directed by Bill Forsyth?
Why was "Looking For Alaska", the debut novel of John Micheal Green (born in 1977), challenged in 2015?
What writer's novel was turned into a dark comedy with music by cellist Caroline Dale?
What type of group does SWMRS and We the Kings have in common?
Which band formed first, Bikini Kill or Scarling.?
What type of films are Kon-Tiki and The Other Side of AIDS?
What English polymath was featured with instruments and a Difference Engine prototype at the King George III Museum?
What activity did an American mortician engage in in 1996?
At 2006 Dubai Tennis Championships – Men's Singles, Rafael Nadal defeated the defending champion who has won how many Grand Slam singles titles?
What is the name of the singer-songwriter who recorded a cover of Britney Spears' hit, "Toxic"?
Are both Dave Wakeling and Matthew Tuck musicians?
What was the first name of the manager of the sixth-place team in the 1891 season of the American Association baseball league?
Kenya participated in the Winter Olympic Games in 1998, 2002 and another year when the games were held in what country?
The current dean of West Virginia's congressional district is a member of what chamber of the legislature of the United States?
What city is the rapper whose third mixtape is entitled "Coloring Book", from?
Which of these is in the Apiaceae family, Ostrowskia or Selinum?
Which of the band members that wrote "Cold Hard Bitch" was born in 6 July 1979?
Albert Lee Ueltschi was enshrined at Dayton, Ohio along with which American pilot who served in the United States Air Force and test pilot for the North American X-15 program?
During which period the the M88 engines were produced for M1 car?
Between two American filmmakers, Jon Paul Puno and Terry O. Morse, who was born earlier?
Justine Waddell played Tess in an film adaptation of a novel by what author?
Who was the first Earl of Salisbury and Chief Minister to King James I?
Where was the singer who released the single "I Never Made Love (Till I Made It with You)" originally from?
Who was the author that wrote the nursery rhyme that has the Round Folk Song Index number of 7622?
Among Seohyun and John S. Hall who worked with King Missile?
How many studio albums did the youngest winner of the Teen Choice Awards have?
What county in Maine was Raymond Luc Levasseur from?
What are both Us Amongst The Rest and Uniklubi?
What 2000 American comedy directed by Scott Alexander co-starred a Broadway actress that was inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame in 1995?
Does George Bernard Shaw or E. L. Doctorow write plays?
Ruben Tatevosovich Yesayan tested what Russian four-engined long-haul wide-body airliner designed by Ilyushin?
What type of music band is associated with Sun Set?
What is the name of this American politician, member of the Minnesta Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, the U.S. Representative for Minnesota's 7 congressional district, and the most senior representative from Minnesota, representing Dewey Township, Roseau County, Minnesota?
Which band formed first, Better Than Ezra or The Breeders?
George Ward Hunt was the First Lord of the Admiralty in 1st and 2nd ministries of a British statesman who was the only UK Prime Minister to have been what?
Are Marcelo Melo and Gisela Dulko both tennis players?
Which Istanbul landmark opened first, the Rahmi M. Koç Museum or the Endem TV Tower?
What is an achievement of James Clerk Maxwell, a Scottish scientist who helped to develop the concept of coherence?
Edward "Ned" Poins ", is a fictional character who appears in a play that depicts a span of history that begins with what?
What town in Minnesota hosts a weekly event based on a pre-World War I hobby?
The film "Puncture" stars an actor that plays what super hero in the Marvel Cinematic Universe?
"Northern Downpour" is a song written by an American musician who was a founding member of what band?
Forrest Tucker's height put him in the same league as at actor that played what character in the 1955-1956 Walt Disney TV miniseries?
What other superhero usually appeared in American comic books with Daredevil published by Marvel Comics?
Sarah "Sasoun" Guyard-Guillot to her death during a performance of a Cirque du Soleil show whose name describes the story as a coming of what?
Do Allagoptera and Agathis both produce conifers?
Who was born first, James D Grant, who uses the pen name of Lee Child, or Bernhard Schlink?
In which year did the bass player from "Semisonic" form a minimalist jazz trio?
Which American entertainer who appeared on television as early as 1948 has Adam Streisand been an attorney for?
Are Joywave and Mother Goose both rock bands?
Who does Natasha Romanoff and Captain America join forces with in Captain America: The Winter Soldier?
Which Senate election in 2016 took place on November 8 with its primary held on June 14 that saw this American accountant (CPA) and member of the Republican Party born in 1959 go against the democratic incumbent?
In the United States Senate election in New York in 1976 James Buckley was defeated by this American politician, sociologist, and diplomat who was a member of what political party?
Life Under Water starred which Canadian actress and singer?
The actor who played Augustus Waters in "The Fault in Our Stars" also starred in the 2013 remake of "Carrie" alongside which fellow young actor?
Kurt Bills ran against a Democratic incumbent who was born in what yea?
What Ukrainian singer is known for their deep contralto and "Mamo"?
The Red Queen is the story of the paternal grandmother of which king?
Which astronaut carried copies of Swedish singer Darin's single into space with him and is the first Swedish citizen in space?
The person who's last single was Relax Your Mind has what nationality?
What type of entities are Jiangmen and Pingdu?
Aaron Zigman scored music for which 2004 American romantic drama?
In 2016, who published the first-person shooter video game that won many awards?
What was the name of the Formula One racing car launched in February 2012 driven by Brazilian professional racing driver Bruno Senna?
Which college has campuses in more countries, Northwestern University or University of California, San Francisco?
What is the name of this census designated place of metropolitan Miami, Florida, located on a barrier island, where Government Cut is a manmade shipping channel located between it and Miami Beach?
Big John, Little John starred the actor known for playing whom on "The Brady Bunch"?
What is the third album from the band who released "Songs for a Tailor" as their debut album?
Which Irish actor was added to The Maze Runner film series?
Which chain has more restaurants, Pizza Schmizza or Patxi's Chicago Pizza?
Are both Jackson Hole Airport and Coastal Carolina Regional Airport located in North Carolina?
Which of the two musician has has the highest number of musical skill Stza or Lowell George?
The writer of "And She Was" was the found member, principal songwriter, and lead singer of this band?
"Heffalumps and Woozles" is a song from a full-length animated film distributed by who?
Which team defeated the 49ers by 34-31 in the 2013 Super Bowl?
Piper Perabo starred with Bruce Willis and Emily Blunt in this 2012 science fiction movie.?
What film was William Fichtner in that also had Heath Ledger in it?
How many cricketers were banned in the scandal in which the 2004 U-19 Pakistan captain was involved?
What film director worked with Academy Award Winning actor Mark Rylance?
What honor did a famous Northern Irish singer-songwriter, instrumentalist and producer in Northern Ireland receive, who worked together with the American trumpet and flugelhorn player Bill Atwood?
Which band formed first, Sponge Cola or Hurricane No. 1?
Who was the voice of a show that premiered on June 16, 2011, exclusively on the Nicktoons television network?
Who is the first cousin of the current King Mohammed VI and the grandson of Ibn Saud who was listed on "Time" magazine's Time 100?
To Which British professional boxer did Neven Pajkić lost?
SAVAK was dissolved during the outbreak of the overthrow of which dynasty?
4:21 ...The Day After is an album produced by man who was the leader of what group?
Which village has a place for people who inhabited Great Britain from the 5th century?
What did the king known as "Edward Longshanks" and the "Hammer of the Scots" use Greenhill, Evesham for?
Are Mary Doria Russell and Alexander Blok both novelists?
Julianna Cox was a character played by which American actress?
When did the Operation that seized the territories formally claimed by Manchukuo began?
Which company offers property and casualty insurance, Cincinnati Financial or Colgate-Palmolive?
In which state is the college that Leah Blatt Glasser is an American literary critic and Mary Eleanor Wilkins Freeman scholar?
The animal to which Playona Acandí Fauna and Flora Sanctuary is the home of is part of what genus?
Who has more members: Ultra Vivid Scene or Citizen Cope?
Which author wrote more books, Joseph Campbell or Cormac McCarthy?
Deyemi Okanlawon had a cameo in the music video by which Nigerian rapper who got his start in "The School Boys"?
Which show was co-produced by an actor who has won two Golden Globe Awards from eight nominations?
Ultra Vivid Scene and Warpaint are bands in what genre?
Who was born first Candice DeLong or Theodore John Kaczynski?
Which is an evergreen, Sciadopitys or Tetrapanax?
What was the profession of the man with the initials A.S. that was portrayed on the BBC documentary Nuremberg: Nazis on Trial?
Are KMFDM and Athlete from the same continent?
Who is the wife of Charlemagne who is a step mother to Pepin the Hunchback?
Which the city where Age of Fishes Museum is located is counter intuitively pronounced?
For the lower house of the Maine legislature, what part did the person serving from 1982-1992 identify with?
Which movie produced by Sōjirō Motoki is a 1957 Japanese film co-written and directed by Akira Kurosawa?
Which lifestyle magazine is published more times a one year: More or Candis Magazine?
Which neighborhood, located in the capital and largest city of Ethiopia, is referenced in the Bole2Harlem musical collaboration?
Which of John Hughes films is an American comedy from 1987?
What talk show was the actress from Scream 3 who is also an anti-vaccine activist on?
Are Nagisa Oshima and David Hewlett of the same nationality?
In what year did the founder of Getty Oil get coined the "Fortune" magazine's richest living American?
Are Leontopodium and Sandersonia both native to Europe?
Which magazine has been published in more media formats, Twist or Inside Sports?
What Bulgarian Airline took over Hemus Air?
2017 Jacksonville Jaguars season was lead by this former American football player and head coach, who served as a coach at which institution in 2010?
Were Andrei Bitov and Wilhelm Reich were both prominent authors?
This grandmaster chess player at age 13 surpassed the highest rating in what year?
Agustín de Iturbide y Green was the adopted son of which Belgian princess?
Are Sleeper Agent and Pupil both rock bands?
Ayo is an album that Wizkid collaborated on with the producer who received what honor at the 2014 Nigeria Entertainment Awards?
Which composer for the film Khwaabb primarily works in Bollywood and Telugu cinema?
Who was the composer for the 2006 film starring Bryce Dallas Howard as Rosalind?
Who was the main rival of Johnny Torrio and Al Capone during the Chicago bootlegging wars of the 1920s?
In Which National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA)-affiliated Division formed in January 1907 did Kansas Jayhawks football team represented University of Kansas?
Rajagopala Chidambaram know for his role in India's nuclear weapons program is scientist who has specialized knowledge in the field of what?
Port Island is an artificial island in a city in japan that is located on the southern side of the main island of Honshu, and is about 30 km from what city?
Who was the father of Abijam, the fourth king of the House of David and the second of the Kingdom of Judah?
What is the name of Broadway actor Ben Cook's father, who later went on to adopt Jeremiah Porter?
Whom did the 1946 American live-action animated musical film, about the southern United States during the Reconstruction Era featuring Johnny Lee, star as the main character?
The incumbent Democrat that was term-limited in the 1983 Mississippi gubernatorial election is best remembered for the passage of what act?
What basketball legend mentioned in The last season: A team in search of its soul is tied with Karl Malone for the most first team All-NB elections in history.?
The American sportscaster Pat Hughes spent 12 years calling games with this broadcaster who played in the American Major League Baseball and now works as a comedian and actor?
What is the highest federal court of the United States. who decided the case of United States v. Payner,?
III - Odyssey of the Mind is the sixth album by a German band formed in what city?
Which king, who reassumed the throne upon his son's death, had in his service the Flemish-born military engineer George Prosper Verboom?
How many school districts are in the region where the second Peter Luger Steak House is located?
Jeje Lalpekhlua is an Idian professional football player who played for?
Which national forest on Roan Mountain was created in 1920?
Do both Alan Moore and Douglas Coupland write fiction stories?
Which rock group formed first, The Amps or Red House Painters?
Who was one of the first English actress sex symbols to appear in the 8th annual TV Week Logie Awards?
Which breed has been used as a royal guard dog, Kuvasz or Cavalier King Charles Spaniel?
The Bayern Munich player who scored in the 1999 UEFA Champions League Final played which position?
Who was born first, Rebecca Miller or Inge Morath?
This Spanish agency is responsible for the protection of the right to participate in a competition without the use of banned athletic performance-enhancing drugs by who?
The victims from which historical event were given the benefit funds generated by the album released by an American pianist born in 1949?
What style of opera created around the year 1600 was Christoph Willibald Gluck a composer of?
What was the number of sits of the indoor events arena in Manchester for concerts in which the Manchester Monarchs team plays its home games?
What sport does Patrik Pulkkinen use to compete in a part of the 69th F.I.M Championship?
CO Les Ulis has developed the footballer who plays forward for what English team as a youth prospect?
In what country was televison introduced in 1957 and TV6, a terrestrial satellite and cable television channel launched?
Hanne Harlem is the sister of a former prime minister that served as Director-General of the World Health Organization during what years?
Sindhi women wear this type of dress, a traditional outfit that consists of baggy trousers and what?
Besides a flower delivery network, what other organization is best known by its telegraphic address?
What African American man was the most recent Democratic mayor of New York City before Bill de Blasio?
Ted Simmons was often overshadowed by the Hall of Fame catcher who played for what team?
Tim Lambesis and Ian Brown both were what profession?
What country was the man who beat Andres Gimeno in the 1973 French Open Men's Singles from?
Which American football coach, who is now the defensive coordinator at Arizona State Sun Devils, succeeded Mike Cavan as the head football coach at Southern Methodist University from 2002 to 2007?
A Disney voice actor has won which Emmy award?
Who appointed the Supreme Court judge who wrote the opinion in the Supreme Court case United States v. Williams?
The composer of Morceaux de salon composed during what musical time period?
What state is both the Freeport Station and the Portland Transportation Center located?
The architect who co-designed Steilneset Memorial was born on what date?
Which band was formed first, Forest for the Trees or Bauhaus?
What number episode is "Leggo My Meg-O", which was a parody of the film "Taken"?
The 2015 American Christmas musical comedy that features a former "Hannah Montana" star was released on what streaming service?
Which company was founded first, East of Chicago Pizza or MOD Pizza?
Are Trichosanthes and Plantago both types of plant life?
How many books of poetry did the poet, who was published by Sheldon Dick, write?
What song was inspired by a breakup and a hit single in 1985?
What is the title of the 2016 action comedy drama film directed by Shin Terra that starred the South Korean actor and singer who is known for his role in "Boys Over Flowers"?
A Cameroonian footballer player is one of eleven players to have played in the top divisions in Europe as well as another player from Chile who can play as what three positions?
What county did Joe Smith die in?
What is the title of the "SCTV" sketch and the subsequent Canadian comedy album featuring the actors Rick Moranis and Dave Thomas?
The 2006 film Perfume: The Story of a Murderer, is based on a novel originally published in what language?
The music and lyrics for Scottsboro Boys was by a team who frequently wrote for performers such as who?
Who was the producer of the film Catherine McCormack played in in 2007?
What was the 2016 enrollment for the Univeristy that is home to the Texas Academy of Leadership in the Humanities?
Which star of The Lion and the Horse appeared in more than 250 films and 90 television programs?
Which Sunni-Islamic fundamentalist organization has a social service wing named Dawah and had its politburo chief step down at the end of his term in 2017?
Monash University is a member of a coalition of research intensive universities all of which were ranked what in 2016?
Which opioid along with Subutex makes up the two best known of the thevinol, orvinol, or bridged oripavine derivatives?
The father of Tamasin Day-Lewis wrote mystery stories under what pseudonym?
What is the official name and code of the team Ernst Willimowski played for besides Poland when he played for them?
Noted for Death of a Salesman among others, Arthur Miller had to revise a one act drama into two that premiered at what theatre club?
The magezine which Mary Thom was an editor of for 20 years had what sort of political agenda?
Are Robert J. Flaherty and Andrew Niccol both directors of films?
Between Nikos Kazantzakis and Thomas Sigismund Stribling, who had more diverse job experiences?
In which city does Akeem Ellis play basketball?
The actor referred to as "Makkal Selvan" in Tamil Nadu stars with Ashwin Kakumanuand Swati Reddy in what comedy film?
Which mountain has a higher vertical drop, Sugarbush or Sugarloaf?
What kind of shoe sponsored the practice session where Brett Banasiewicz crashed and suffered a head injury?
The 1955 Northwestern Wildcats football team were led by which future Denver Broncos head coach?
Where did the composer who released the album Stanze go to train?
William Gladstone Steel is the father of which caldera lake in south-central Oregon in the western United States?
What continent can both Thlaspi and Calophyllum be found?
Hard Boiled Sweets includes two actors, Ian Heart and an English actor who is best known for his roles as rival archaeologist René Belloq in what movie?
Does Honeysuckle or Abelia have more species?
How is the city above Ocean Grove, New Jersey part of what New York Area?
Are both Trivor and Rakaposhi in Pakistan?
Does Bill Duke or Robert J. Flaherty have more credits for documentary films?
Rail Baltica is a high-speed rail project to link Poland and the Baltic States with which other northern European country?
What is more American, the Flirtini or the Sundowner?
What is an alternative to using Furoshiki for gifts?
Which fictional character and the protagonist of Rudyard Kipling's "The Jungle Book" did Letting in the Jungle continues its adventure?
James Roselle worked at WJTN in a town that had how many inhabitants at the 2010 Census?
Hello Young Lovers, a show tune from 1951, used voice-over by an American sporano whose dubbong was used in what other films?
Bob Lloyd began his ABA career with the team that later became the NBA team that competes in what Eastern Conference division?
Wiener Nationals have the final 8 Dachshunds racing for the national title every December in San Diego as part of this bowl that has been played annually since what year?
Where does the race start that Running on the Sun: The Badwater 135 is about?
What neoconservative religious journal was written by the film and music critic Armond White?
Which animal named after Chattanooga's former football coach is a permanent resident in North America?
The Sheriff of Lorn was responsible for enforcing law and order in Scotland and would be seated in which castle?
What is the nationality of the person who voices the video game Mad Dash Racing?
Cedar County was a policital subdivision of a nation that maintains a special relationship with who?
What song other than the one name after a white flower found high in the Alps were from The Sound of Music?
What is published more frequently, More or Telva.?
Moro Islamic Liberation Front has a presence in which proposed region in the Philippines?
Doomquest establishes which Marvel Comics supervillain, the archenemy of the Fantastic Four?
For which team does this American football quarterback play who was taken first in the 2010 National Football League Draft?
In which year were the Back to the Future rides at both Universal Studios theme parks replaced?
Who build the transportation commonly used on Melbourne's traditional main street?
Which school located at Korle Bu Teaching Hospital employed Charles Odamtten Easmon?
What horror film that was a remake of a 1977 Wes Craven film did Robert Joy act in?
Are both Tonya Suzanne Holly and Izu Ojukwu film directors?
Which noblewoman who inherited her title after the death of her father in the late 1400s signed an instrument that gave the provinces and towns such as Flanders local rights?
Which rock band was founded by two brothers, Pedro the Lion or Half Japanese?
Who wrote one of Jaume Collet-Serra's action-thrillers?
What was the middle name of the husband of Sylvia Fine?
The actor that plays the title role in the 2011 film "Conan the Barbarian" played what role on "Game of Thrones"?
Carbon Copy stars what American actor and musician whose most acclaimed roles include Ship of Fools and King Rat?
The Protectworth Tavern is located in what county?
The Hayabusa is named after what American bird of pray known as the duck hawk?
What type of merchandise does Don Quijote, the discount chain store, sell as opposed to a single line discount store?
Who was born first, Dave Grohl or Steve Winwood?
Who produced the comedy series that "Unter einer Decke" is based on?
When was Sir Richard Byron's grandson knighted?
Adriana Mater received its world premiere at the Opéra Bastille on 3 April 2006 in a production directed by which American theatre director, noted for his unique contemporary stagings of classical and contemporary operas and plays?
Which film, The War at Home or Loot follows people who were actually active military during a war?
What senior British Army officer known for his "scorched earth policy" experienced success in the British effort to re-conquer the sudan?
At what university was Georg Nees appointed honorary professor of the scientific and practical approach to computation and its applications?
Ed Miliband became a member of what in 2005?
What role did an actress who was in the 1973 American coming-of-age comedy-drama film co-written by George Lucas play in the sitcom "One Day at a Time"?
Which board game allows more players to play, Forbidden Island or Australia?
What company located in Herzogenaurach, Bavaria uses Funda Onal as a model?
Are the magazines Sunset and Chesapeake Bay Magazine published with the same frequency?
Who was Shakespeare's tragic hero derived largely from the account in "Holinshed's Chronicles", a history of Britain?
What actress is known for portraying a countess in British television as well as an American chorus girl?
Which band is from Jpan, Hello Sleepwalkers or Arcade Fire?
Were Nasir al-Din al-Tusi and Al-Ghazali both mathematicians?
Bachi Karkaria has helped create new brands for India’s largest media conglomerate with revenues exeeding how much?
What song was writen by the Scottish singer-songwriter, actress, and television personality that has been in the entertainment business since the 1960s?
Contoocook River has a bridge that is in the town in what New Hampshire county?
Which of Nordstrom and Cimarex Energy are companies headquartered in Denver?
Which football game played at the Rose Bowl in 1983 saw the Miami Dolphins lose to the Washington Redskins?
What American country singer previously known as Bubba Wray released the song "On the Verge" in 1997?
In what year did the team that built the Lotus E21 begin to compete under the Lotus name?
In what Wars did Gaius Cassius Longinus command troops?
How did the president who called for the construction of 1000 nuclear plants by the year 2000 leave office?
Which of the people that opened Dalga Arena is a Swiss football administrator who was the eighth president of FIFA?
The play, Der Besuch der alten Dame was adapted into a film by what name?
What distance (in kilometers) does Stanisławowo fall from the city on the Warta river in west-central Poland?
Who was the star of "The Perks of Being a Wallflower" and also starred as the title character in the drama "We Need to Talk About Kevin" (2011)?
Hugh Gibb, father of the brothers who formed the Bee Gees, was a bandleader and what kind of musician?
Jeff Skinner was selected seventh by the Carolina Hurricanes at this draft, held at the Staples Center in what city?
Which pageant was held at the T-Mobile Arena in 2016 was won by Deshauna Barber?
"He Says the Same Things to Me" is a song by a country music singer born in what year?
Though most famously run by former Vice President Dick Cheney, Halliburton Energy Services was run by Thomas H. Cruikshank during the 80s and early 90s. What was their primary area of operation?
Regarding the supporting division of the Battle of Frankfurt, when was it formed?
Are either Clap Your Hands Say Yeah or Joywave country music bands?
Do Hall Bartlett and Norman Taurog have the same occupation?
Football Under Cover and 10 MPH are both what type of films?
In 1983, the Los Angeles Rams had which player as a running back?
Don Donald features music which was adapted from what mexican folk song better known internationally as "The Mexican Hat Dance"?
Which character in the American animated sitcom set in the fictional town of Springfield, is named after the creator's younger sister?
The Hungarian economic policies referred to as Orbanomics is in reference to which leader that became Prime Minister in 2010, and also held that same office from 1998 to 2002?
Which English television presenter was sampled for a The Books album?
Are both Ginger and Paul Carrack English singers?
On what streets is the hospital that cared for Molly Meldrum located?
Things Are Getting Better is the 11th album by Julian Edwin Adderley, also known as what?
U. S. Grant Sharp Jr. is related to a general and president who fought in what war?
The greatest American men's soccer player of all-time won his last game with what score?
Which movie directed by Roman Polanski was produced by Filmways, Inc?
Which singer is from the US, Paul Meany or Floor Jansen?
Eden railway station goes around the town in what Northern Irish county?
Yes, Yes, Nanette is a 1925 American silent film whose title is a reference to a musical comedy with what kind of story?
What does the person the 2014 Rugby League Four Nations squads replaced on October 15th do now?
Which town was the home to the first winner of the Pacific Coast League Manager of the Year Award?
Hereford Arizona Observatory found fluctuations in what type of main-sequence star in Cygnus?
What event was held on 27 May 2013 that featured one team that also competed in the League Cup and FA Cup?
Which role does this English actor and director, who appeared in the film "Howards End," play on the 2-part television miniseries "Over Here"?
Antony and Cleoptra, is designated as a Shakespearean tragedy, though it involves historical figures and was first performed in which year?
Scarlet Sails stars Vasily Lanovoy and this Russian actress who came was born in what year?
Who was the first to photograph Kehlsteinhaus after its capture by the Allies?
How was Franklin Seaver Pratt's wife related to Kamehameha I?
What kind of group does The Roar of Jefferson Airplane and White Rabbit have in common?
Is Lili Chookasian or Matt Vasgersian an American sportscaster?
The Scientific Activist published information that led to the immediate resignation of a press officer who worked on which presidential campaign _?
What state did the attacks occur in which Ma Anand Sheela was found guilty for her role in?
How many miles south of Grimsby is this village that is 1 mile north from Waithe, the hamlet and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire?
Which Orlando Magic center has been seen wearing Energy Muse jewelry?
Dungarvan lies on which A-Class West-East European route?
Where was the largest German supermarket corporation founded?
What location is home to both the Gerrish Warehouse and the Fort McClary State Historic Site?
Who was named 2003 Rookie of the Year and client of Matt Sosnick?
Which American actor played fraternity president "Lewis Skolnick" in the "Revenge of the Nerds" comedy films?
How many objects are housed at the museum which also contains the Niobid Krater?
Which President of the Ultimate Fighting Championship has grown it into a globally popular enterprise and recruited famous fighters such as Devin Clark?
Who is older Tommy Karevik or Darius Rucker?
Which building is also known as the North Tower, Langham Place, New York or 30 Hudson Yards?
Nine-card Brag is just one of the varying ancestors to which card card game?
Buncle is a name derived from which medieval fortress?
Which musical was Laura Osnes in that had lyrics by Don Black?
On what day and month of the year did Nadezhda Alekseyevna Agaltsova receive the Lenin Prize?
Sara Teasdale Filsinger and Priscilla Denise Levertov poets are from which country?
The South Korean boy band Infinite released the song "She's Back" in which 2010 mini-album?
Which genus of plants is endemic to Australia, Retama or Baeckea?
Renee Montagne and Steve Inskeep succeeded what Peabody Award-winning member of the National Radio Hall of Fame, as the host of National Public Radio's weekday morning news program?
What state contains a mountain that had the face of the 26th United States President carved into it?
Which states are consistently included in the region where the Cayuse War took place?
What character did the host of the Miss Teen USA 1998 pageant play in the TV series Saved by the Bell?
On what network does The Assistants and About a Girl air?
Santana Row, an outdoor shopping mall, is located near this upscale indoor shopping mall whose western portion is located in which city?
IIT Kanpur Airport has a service for which company's helicopters, based out of the Juhu Aerodrome?
The 11th-largest stadium in the United States hosted which Super Bowl?
Which 1963 war film starred American actor best known for the role of Danny "Danno" Williams?
Are Physocarpus and Rudbeckia both genus of flowering plants?
Peach Drop is similar in style to which time ball located in New York City?
The George Walker Bush Highway forms part of what national highway in Ghana?
What is the name of this American educator who is married to a former Vice PResident and for whom Sheila Nix served as Chief of Staff?
Which United States federal government initiative to preserve and protect historic buildings is Coolmore Plantation a project in?
Jeffreys Street location near this multi-venue performing arts centre make it a popular destination on what holidays?
Which landslide killed 18 people in New South Wales, Australia, on 30 July 1997 with only Stuart Diver surviving?
Who defeated American professional tennis player and former World No.1 in the sport?
The 2018 Pro14 Grand Final of the Guinness Pro14 rugby union competition will be played at which stadium?
What song and music video did "Alphacat" release on October 15, 2012?
Are Norma and Idomeneo both operas by Bellini?
In what city is the school where the Kansas City Spartans play their home games located?
Bullseye is a character who has a vendetta against the superhero appearing in comics by which company?
What pier, which is on the shoreline of Lake Michigan, has a statue of a dinosaur named Jobaria?
In which year did the Senator run for president, that Mary Alice Mapes reported as having an unacknowledged biracial daughter?
Name the school that joined the Big 12 between 2010 and 2013 but also was the only school in the nation in 2007 to win a BCS game, a NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament game, and a NCAA Women's Basketball Tournament game?
When did the venue for the Romero vs Whittaker UFC 213 fight open?
In what year was the writer of "The Adventures of Johnny Bunko: the Last Career Guide You'll Ever Need" born?
Which rock group was formed earlier, Beastie Boys or The Shins?
What is the name of the language group that includes those of the Onogurs, Bulgars, Khazars, and one of the languages spoken within the Hun empire?
Where abouts are both the White Rose Walk and the Coast to Coast walk located?
Which character did Bill Melendez voice who was a pet beagle?
Which game was released first, Hare and Tortoise or Aladdin's Dragons?
Eva Tinschmann appeared in what movie based off a book by British author Sir Arthur Conan Doyle?
Have both Sofia Coppola and Gunnar Olsson acted?
Bertha Hill and "Satchmo" were best known for doing what together?
When was the Korean-American actor born who acted as Glenn in the eighth episode of "Made to Suffer"?
Love's Travel Stops and Country Stores is a chain of truck stops that include which fast-food restaurant established in NC in 1960?
Blood Is Blood starred an actress that was born in what year?
What is the Dutch company who specializes in sports, clothing, and is known for developing the Shock Stop system classified as?
Which school has more students - San Francisco Day School or Punahou School?
Where are the Hahnenkamm mountain that Bruno Kernen won the Swiss world cup part of what contry?
Which original film was produced first, Herbie Rides Again or The Shaggy Dog?
The 1956 Ballon d'Or was awarded to which player who was the first to receive a knighthood while still active?
Mike Dee is a former President of Fenway Sports Group, owner of which Premier League football team?
What is the journal that has an editor that is from a university that is part of PASSHE?
Where did the younger brother of Titus Davis play college football?
Where is the headquarters of the parent compant of Daimler Trucks North America located?
What year was the man who Brendon Fearon tried to burgle born in?
Team Pacman was a professional wrestling tag team that included a cornerback and return specialist for what team?
Which plant is an aquatic plant species, Andira or Watercress?
Which World War II military unit was commanded by the designer of the Model 1913 Cavalry Saber?
How many districts is Obogu a village in?
Which band was founded in the 21st century, Foo Fighters or Goon Moon?
How long has the composer for Iron Man been composing for films?
Do the directors Olivier Assayas and Edward Dmytryk have the same nationality?
What county is the location of the school, where American football player and coach Condit Woodhull Dibble starred as the halfback?
Peter Scully is on trial for filming the torture and rape of children in which country?
What kind of musician does Arnold Schoenberg and Léo Delibes have in common?
What river in south Central America saw a battle fought on its right bank on 19 December 1810?
Both Nalini by Day, Nancy by Night and Capturing the Friedmans are what type of films?
What was the name of first husband of the character that Judy Catherine Claire Parfitt played in Tony Richardson's 1969 film adaption of "Hamlet".?
What group was tasked with making nuclear weapons in April of 1939, and was sabotaged by the Allied Nations in World War II?
When did the Football League that Stuart Myall began his career in debut?
In How many films had the actor starring in City Hunter appeared?
What Norwegian band has played at Sparebanken Sør Arena?
The cities of Fannin and Brandon are both located in what state?
Peggy Harley worked with what singer who is known for the hit single "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go"?
Leeland Road station has a line that runs 1522 miles from New York City to what other major hub?
Epworth by the Sea is named after a small town in what part of North Lincolnshire, England?
Dazzling Dunks and Basketball Bloopers was hosted by which American sportscaster?
Vance Powell produced many musical acts, including the lead singer and guitarist of duo The White Stripes. What is the name of the lead singer?
In what year wasEdward Severin Clark's exclusive New York City apartment building built?
What is the release date of this first-person shooter video game developed by the owner of ZeniMax Media, Inc, and published by Bethesda Softworks?
The actor who directed the crime-drama The Heist was born in what year?
What is the name of the paternal grandfather of Alexander Macmillan?
Thomas Vigliarolo is a business man from an island that has how many counties?
Omi Vaidya starred in a coming of age comedy-drama film co-written, edited, and directed by what man?
How many times did a German retired footballer born 16 September 1965 score in a match finals match against Juventus?
Do Robert Penn Warren and Studs Terkel have the same number of Pulitzer prizes?
Where does the the mountain pygmy possum found which is also the mainland Australia's highest peak?
Did both Sergei Sobolev and Vladimir Berkovich work in the field of mathematics?
Which city in Tennessee, is the Seven Islands State Birding Park, that lies on the French Broad River, located next to?
In which county in Florida is the Euphorbia deltoidea indigenous?
Lazarus was a soundtrack of the musical with lyrics composed by whom?
"Lady Madonna" was released as a single backed with a song that reflects what?
What was the former band of the member of Mother Love Bone who died just before the release of "Apple"?
In 2011-2012, Geoff Garin served as a strategist for a super PAC that supported whose 2016 presidential campaign?
What are both National Bird and America's Heart and Soul?
Which band band released their first album in 2009, Starflyer 59 or Fun?
Héctor Babenco and Tom McCarthy are both what?
Who was prime minister of the UK from 1955 to 1957 that James Stuart served as Secretary of State for?
Are Tony Hadley and Ian Ball of the same nationality?
Which building has more stories, the MetLife Building or the General Motors Building?
Which New York borough did Dreamland the novel largely take place in?
What is the name of the country whose capital is in the north-east and birthplace of footballer, Khama Billiat?
Where did the actor who appeared in "Bad Dreams" begin his career?
Which home to the Manchester Millrats was created by royal charter in 1785?
Where is the head quarter of the Swedish airline which operates all the flights of BRA Braathens Regional Airlines with Braathens Regional Airways?
What year was the man whose music inspired Folias Flute and Guitar Duo born?
The Simian Line is an American improvisational film whose cast includes a American stage and screen actress who has won six what?
From the age of 14 Bate lived on the family property "Mountain View" at these villages. It was the site for which television series?
Who sang with The Police and was paid tribute to on The Men I Love?
Which University was founded in 1985, Michigan Technological University located in Houghton, Michigan or All Nations University located in Ghana?
What was the George Mackie Watson RIBA's masterpiece about?
The father of Grinnell Willis was once the employer of which former slave and future writer?
Who are the creators of the show that has an episode in which Kyle's younger brother Ike is being abducted by aliens?
What sport do Shane Dowrich and Marlon Samuels both play?
What other sport did Butch Reed, of the wrestling tag team Doom, play professionally?
Colour Me Free! features guest appearances by which American percussionist, singer, author, and actress born on December 12, 1957?
In the "Death Note" manga series, what is the name of the gods or supernatural spirits that invite humans toward death?
What actor portrayed the vice-president and chief operating officer of Thoratec Corporation in the movie "United 93"?
What frontman for Dead by Sunrise hurt his leg during the The Hunting Party Tour?
Tammy Blanchard performed in which musical loosely based on a famous striptease artist?
Where is the lake in Syria which is compared to the volcanic cone in the eastern rift zone of the Kīlauea volcano of the Hawaiian Islands?
What award has the former frontman of Silk Route won twice?
Which band formed in Europe, Finger Eleven or Fatherson?
Ex Mach Tina was the 8th episode of the series created by whom?
Which drink has more gin in it London Fog or a Bloody Mary?
Who founded the boxing promotion company which Floyd Mayweather, Jr exercising a provision in his contract?
Are John Schlesinger and Mrinal Sen both English film directors?
Who was the father of the monarch under who Richard Nykke was a bishop?
Both Candleshoe and Maleficent involve what company?
IN WHICH JASON SEGEL MOVIE DID ALISON BRIE STAR IN?
Twelve Inches is a compilation album by which 1980s British band?
The "A Team" singer collaborated with which Swedish singer on "So Good" in 2017?
How did American sports comedy BASEketball star Jenny McCarthy begin her career in 1993?
Which Italian restaurant is based in Tennessee, Gino's Pizza and Spaghetti or Pizzeria Venti?
How many performances are on the live album produced by Swizz Beatz?
What is the pseudo-currency suggested for Rummoli typically composed of?
I luv It was released via what South Korean entertainment company that was established in 1996 by Yang Hyun-suk?
What is the first name of the American director, born September 24, 1957, that produced the movie "Batteries Not Included"?
Who directed the first series of the comedy that had The Archbishop as it's third episode?
How many men fought in the battle that the 1981 play, The Accrington Pals, is based on?
Arthur Laffer is best know for a curve that illustrates a theoretical relationship between what?
Where was the head basketball coach at Ohio State University a coach in 2015-2016?
Morning Glory starred the American actor who is a regular on what Showtime/BBC series?
The film "Dirty Work" stars Norm McDonald, Jack Warden, Traylor Howard and a man that made his stand up comic debut in what year?
Who directed the actor, who starred in Grease, in White Man's Burden?
In which German federal State is this city, where Gerhard Westerburg was born, found?
This ingredient in Taro cakes is commonly known as what?
Sunburg Creamery Cafe serves a dish that is traditionally part of the Swedish what?
How many points did the Giants win by in the Super Bowl where Ottis Jerome "O.J." Anderson was the MVP?
Which rock band did one of the songwriting partners of "Hug My Soul" play guitar for? (Info A: Saint Etienne, Info B: Republica)?
What was the main responsibility A. H. Vedel had when he was a Danish vice admiral and commander-in-chief?
Who was the born in 1969, presented at the ARIA Music Awards of 1998 and known as one of the youngest woman to sit in the Parliament of Australia?
Which 1976 non-fiction book written by Bob Woodward is about the Watergate scandal leading to Nixon's impeachment?
Which medal did the writer of "Smile" earn?
Nurtia is a goddess from a mythology that was later incorporated into which culture?
Both Dick Crealy and Javier Frana are former players of what sport?
Rusty Day was best known for his work with an American musician who was the guitarist, vocalist, and wongeriter for what Southern Rock Band?
Are Béla Gaál and Quentin Tarantino both American directors?
After what year did the Canadarm become paired with the Orbiter Boom Sensor System?
The Mexican Kickapoo also have a tribe in this state, home to one of three Federally recognized tribes of Kickapoo people?
Han JinYu was born in the world's second most populous what?
Beautiful Eyes, a 2008 music video done by Taylor Swift with an extended play of the same name, was part of Taylor Swift videography and was released by Big Machine Records exclisovely to what store?
Which sports stadium, nicknamed "Joggeli" was host to the 2016 UEFA Europa League Final?
Which US documentary was made first: Scared Straight! or Soldier Girls?
Are Aksel Sandemose and Anne Rice both writers?
Q1: Which country is the stock exchange based for Core Laboratories?
Sine 1995 Billie Lourd's father as served as the managing director of what agency?
What sport did Frans Hoek and Víctor Valdés retire from?
What is the nationality of Marsha Kazarosian, the famed Massachusetts attorney, and the singer Karnig Sarkissian?
Which film production and financing company did this American film producer, entertainment businessman, and director of motion pictures, music videos, and television who produced "Barely Lethal" co-found?
Which genus contains more species, Geranium or Fouquieria?
Donna Chartier played in the league that was founded by which person?
What was the date of the film release in which the Irish Dream Team produced and one member starred in?
Which group was first formed between Dinosaur Pile-Up and Enanitos Verdes?
What is the name of this high-performance version of the 6 series coupe/ convertible, which appeared on the Moscow BMW billboard?
This American artist made the Billboard top 25 and was a well known YouTuber and also for her participation in which NBC singing competition?
George Newhouse was the Labor candidate for the seat that was first proclaimed in what year?
What is the broadcasting location of the program on which the music video for the song "Out of the Woods" premiered?
What do both Hope and Gloria and Alan Thicke have in common?
What language were books being translated into during the era of Haymo of Faversham?
Which genus of plants contains more specieis, Gaura or Corokia?
When was a British Black and White film released that starred a famous English actor, filmmaker, entrepeneur and politician that died in 2014?
What singer, best known for his recording of the song "Raindrops Keep Fallin' on My Head", had his single "Most of All" reach #2 on the "Billboard" Adult Contemporary singles chart in 1970?
Brighton railway station is located on what kind of line?
The actor who appeared in every episode of "House", season 6 is of what descent?
In what location in Lincolnshire can you find the historic Jew's House?
What was the most recent publication date for the games Masterpiece and Mutant Meeples?
Which was sold first the DAI Personal Computer or the Commodore MAX Machine?
Which rap duo includes a performer who starred in "Sol Goode"?
What ingredient of Yumil-gwa, in a botanical context, implies that the shell is indehiscent?
Who created the animated television series that has a character with the name Molly MacDonald?
What types of school is Robert I. Rotberg a director of the Program on Intrastate Conflict, Conflict Prevention, and Conflict Resolution?
What character did this actor, who also played a supporting role in Sleepy Hollow, play in the final six Harry Potter films?
A car that was introduced in model year 2006, and competes against a car that was first introduced in 1973, is manufactured where?
How many seasons did, the Guard with a FG% around .420, play in the NBA?
Which project of the Future and Emerging technologies projects aims to create a digital reconstruction of the brain by reverse-engineering mammalian brain circuitry?
Are the Schapendoes and the Border Collie both sporting dogs?
The cheap gold jewelry in which a Cockney Wanker wears is manufactured by a catalog retailer that is a subsidiary of which company?
What footballer is a striker for İstanbul Başakşehir and endorsed the song "Skelewu"?
What actor played the brother of the character in The Wind That Shakes the Barley that was portrayed by the actor of Lord George Boleyn in Showtime's "The Tudors"?
Which was a game for more than two people, Medina or Hijara?
Born Again starred the American film actor who played what role in The Best Years of Our Lives?
Katarina Van Derham was the longest-serving spokesman for the beers brewed in what city?
In what country was Katharine Poulton educated?
Pauline was a journalist and the second wife of which American novelist, short story writer, and journalist?
Harry M. Rubin is the co-founder of a firm whose brewery is located in what city?
What United States Air Force general officer did Sam Shepard play as in "The Right Stuff"?
Are Cyril E. King Airport and Deadhorse Airport both located on US soil?
Which is farther west, Batangas State University or Rice University?
Which dog breed is from a country that is farther south, the Koolie or the Moscow Watchdog?
At what year did the lead singer of the band who released the album Enter start performing music?
What did the organizer of a pop concert held at Knebworth House found in 1969?
Corner Lunch was built in 1955 and first installed in what New York county?
Paradise Road, starring Glenn Close and Australian Cate Blanchett, tells a World War II story about women imprisoned where?
Which is located in Florida, Martha's Vineyard Airport or Orlando Melbourne International Airport?
Current European Commisioner for Competition, Margrethe Vestager, served under what political party from 2002-2014?
What is the name of this triad in Hong Kong in China with tens of thousands of members that rival 14K Triad?
Are George Pettit and Shin Hye-sung members of the same band?
The name of a primarily women's magazine and organises India's beauty pageant?
Where are both Ataköy Athletics Arena and Vasat Atik Ali Pasha Mosque located?
What conflict brought the countries of Chile and Argentina to the brink of War, where the first planned military invasion was halted without incident?
What is the upper chamber of the United States Congress?
What is Agostino Vallini in relation to the place commonly known as Lateran Basilica?
Sideshow Bob Roberts is the fifth episode in a season of The Simpsons that has how many episodes total?
How old was Lynn Dickey when playing for the Green Bay Packers in their 58th season?
Which entertainment group released a mixtape which was made by a member of the Lox?
In what year did the company file for bankruptcy that had Bergen Ballpark as part of its Meadowlands Sports Complex?
Winston Churchill and Joseph Wambaugh were both what?
More News from Nowhere featured which English socialite and columnist?
Who was Empress of Japan prior to Empress Michiko, the current Empress?
Ultra Magnus generally appeared as a chief lieutenant to the leader of what fictional group of sentient robots?
At the Opening Ceremony of the 2000 Sydney Olympics Julie Moncrief Anthony sang an anthem created by what composer?
Has Piers Sellers or Hans Schlegel been on more Space Shuttle Missions?
Michael Alford is a British figurative painter who completed a commission for the 1st Battalion of a regiment that was founded in 1992 through the amalgamation of the Royal Irish Rangers and who?
Who did a retired Croatian professional footballer score for in the 2010 DFB-Pokal Final?
How much did retired Canadian professional ice hockey player of Albanian origin spend with his cohorts to purchase the Ontario Raiders?
Which actor from Trainspotting also played Obi-Wan Kenobi?
What is the name of economic system in which transactions between private parties are free from government intervention coined byJacques Claude?
Where is Building 257 and Fort Terry both located?
Does 245 Park Avenue or Trump Tower have more stories?
How many times a year is Peter Williams' magazine published?
What is the genre of the episode "Where is everybody"?
Sam Nicholson was a midfielder for the team that is in what Major League Soccer conference?
What is the oldest neighborhood in the city where WTEN is located?
Are Mirabella and MODE both fashion magazines for plus-size women?
What is another name for the area in which the international campus UCL Australia is located?
What was the birth date of the president who was a former resident of Grass Mountain Chateau?
Was the honoree of the Earl Haig memorial a junior or senior officer of the British Army?
Which magazine wrote about Disney Channel, Disney Adventures or Jet?
Which Czech retired footballer who operated as either a central defender or a right back was among the highly rated players to sign up for Fiorentina?
What event which has both singles and doubles was won by Lee Kuo-ting?
Dose Maher Sabry and Mathieu Kassovitz acomplish the same things in their carrers?
Adventure Theatre is located in an arts and cultural center that in its former incarnation, was a popular what?
Ganghwa Dolmens Gymnasium held the 2014 events that started on what date?
An Cat Dubh / Into the Heart was from the U2 debut album produced by whom?
What type of ore was mined at both Thompson-Lundmark Mine and Leckie Mine?
Does Paramount Plaza or Times Square Tower have more stories?
What range of years did the party that controlled the Këmisha e zezë publication hold power over Albania?
Are Douglas Sirk and Gregory Hoblit both American film directors?
Mashkoor Ali Khan was one of the primary living masters of a gharana who was concerned with perfect intonation of what?
Masjid al-Hisn was built by a caliph who ruled between what years?
What is the stadium owned by the State of Georgia where LSU defeated Tennessee to keep them from their second straight BCS National Championship Game appearance?
Joseph T. Salerno is a professor at a private institution founded in what year?
Who is younger, Harry Daghlian or Zach Bogosian?
What was the top wind speed of the third cyclone to hit land in New York City?
What female entrepreneur has often been quoted in Entrepreneur Media's magazine regarding her company, Warm Biscuit Bedding Company?
Are the Zeyrek Mosque and the Bayezid II Mosque located in different cities?
What race was won by a driver born on September 20, 1975?
Between the two writers Ferenc Molnár and Karen Joy Fowler, who was born earlier?
Who is the lead singer of a rock band that created an album called "Oracular Spectacular"?
What profession does Chris Buck and Mack V. Wright have in common?
The type of the novel the 2012 American coming-of-age drama film The Perks of Being a Wallflower is based on is a novel written in what form?
Who has captained both Toronto FC and the US national team and is managed by Barry Klarberg?
During the 1989 Coupe de France Final, which former French professional football player born in 1963 contributed a great deal to the victory of Olympique de Marseille?
Where was the language based on the Boko alphabet primarily used?
Do Stu Block and Johnny Bonnel's bands play the same type of music?
Who directed the film that starred Andy Linden as Mundungus Fletcher?
What was Richard Dean Anderson famous from before Stargate?
Which came first, the movel by Philippa Gregory or the TV drama series of The White Queen?
Juan José Campanella achieved worldwide fame with the release of this 2009 Argentine-Spanish crime drama based on what novel?
What is the code, defined by International Civil Aviation Organization, for Ridali Airfield?
What digital audio software came bundled with Linux's Puredyne?
In which region did the settlers have conflict with the Mexican government where it escalated to a rebellion led by John Dunn Hunter?
Eden Studios, Inc. is best known for the RPG based on what game system?
The Beeston Castle was built by an Earl that was born in what year?
In what film could one find the man who was a former sketch writer for Saturday night live and star in "Race", acting alongside Tomothy Olyphant and Julia Roberts?
The "SS Sonderkommando Sobibor" presided over which numbered Euthanasia Program?
What 1975 song is the recorder of "Girl, Women and Ladies" known for?
Which flower is the most invasive and found in more countries than the other, Rhodanthe or Tansy?
Do Xavier Malisse and Jim Courier have the same nationality?
Lobnoye mesto is located in front of a cathedral that was built beginning in what year?
What country of origin does Miracle on Broadway and Charles Esten have in common?
Between Dr Pepper and Grapico, which carbonated drink is sold specifically in the Southeastern United States?
Which american actor is one of the stars in marry me?
Are American Eskimo Dog and Cão de Castro Laboreiro good watchdog?
What team appeared in the 2008 Alamo Bowl against the Missouri Tigers coached by Gary Pinkel?
What South African producer and DJ co-wrote the song One Dance with Drake?
Pinkham Notch has walls formed by one of the mountains in which New Hampshire county?
Ora Alexander's musical style was barrelhouse, named after what kind of establishment?
What was the original name of the company that created Raging Spirits?
Which Spanish classical guitarist and composer is acclaimed for the popular opera "Telemachus on Calypso's Island."?
Governance of the Gaza Strip is carried out by the administration whose name translates to what?
Nominated for an award for "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf," what actress starred in a supernatural romantic horror film directed by Karen Mocrieff?
Who is the creator and writer of the sitcom that features a character named Cassandra Trotter?
Deanna M. Mulligan is the president and CEO of a company that was founded in what year?
WHat German-born French composer created the operetta La Grande-Duchesse de Gérolstein?
On March 3, 3017, the album American Teen, including the platinum single Location, was the debut album of which American singer?
What is the amount of money won by Les Scadding in the transnational lottery launched by France's Française des Jeux, Spain's "Loterías y Apuestas del Estado" and the United Kingdom's Camelot?
Both The Wachowskis and Frank McDonald work in which industry?
John O'Donnell worked for one year as the president and chief operating officer of a hotel and Casino designed by who?
The person Death-Throws was introduced as enemies of had what ranking in IGN's Top 100 Comic Book Heroes list?
Who was born first, Ixtlilxochitl II or Moctezuma II?
What was the profession of the character Thomas Kretschmann portrayed in "Downfall"?
The M3 forms the southerly part of a E-road network which is how long?
What was the man who wrote the lyrics of "Last Night When We Were Young" an ardent critic of?
In which city was this 2012 historical drama filmed that was co-produced among countries like Norway, Denmark, Germany, etc. and starred the Norwegian actor from "Max Manus"?
What book reunites Dorothy with the humbug Wizard from "The Wonderful Wizard of Oz" (1900), and had one of the earliest film adaptations?
D6 Adventure is a generic role-playing game system based on a system named after what?
Which is a Roman Catholic church, Manchester Cathedral or Cathedral of St. Mary the Crowned?
The A36 road connects 'the middle townland' with which other large town in County Antrim?
KOSU has studios on OSU's campus in this city in what county?
Golden Hind was captained by which English sea captain and privateer of the Elizabethan era?
Body of Song is the sixth solo album from an American musician principally known for his work with what 1980's band?
What unique place have Franco Malerba and Bertalan Farkas both traveled to?
What is the name of the Japanese manga series written by Eiichrio Oda and voice-acted by Travis Willingham?
Which Brazilian politician was also FIFA World Player of the year, bypassing Dada Maravilha as one of the top scorers in the history of Brazilian football?
T. M. Thiagarajan was awarded the title to an expert in what discipline by the Madras Music Academy?
What Indian Constitution established authority estimated the money scandal around the 2G Spectrum scam?
Which professions did Roberto Rossellini and Helma Sanders-Brahms have in common?
Name the romantic drama from 2014 about two young cancer patients, featuring Laura Dern from Twin Peaks.?
On what date did the seventeenth season of "South Park" premiere?
The Ender's Game has a character with artificial sentience, so this type of book would be considered what?
Andrew "Andy" Holt is a fictional character from the British Channel 4 soap opera, "Hollyoaks", played by who?
During what season of the NBA did the Detroit Pistons move to Little Caesars Arena?
The Electoral district of Napier includes a northern suburb of Adelaide in what city?
Did Grey Gardens of Meru win the documentary award at the film festival where they were screened?
Which magazine founded in 1977 has sponsored "The Music Show" in Ireland?
When was the singer of "Crank That (Soulja Boy)" featured on a mixtape by Tinie Tempah?
Peter Malkin was part of the team that captured a German Nazi born in which year?
Which magazine, Hearth and Home or Hänt Extra, has its headquarters closer to Montreal, Canada?
Who was the co-writer with the screenwriter of The Longest Yard of Up in the Air?
Giovanni Battista Buonamente played what for the last emperor to have real power over the Holy Roman Empire?
Which song was played for the end credits of the 2015 film "Pitch Perfect 2?
The American rock band whose guitarist Nuno Bettencourt went on to lead the band Mourning Widows, whose second album was Furnished Souls for Rent, reached the height of its popularity in what decades?
The organisation Keep Sydney Open is best know for its opposition to laws intriduced in what year?
Fort Metal Cross a trading post for the slave supply was crucial to supply labor for what country?
Bridge of Spies tells the story of an American lawyer who ultimately became what?
Are Ellen Glasgow and Günter Grass both novelists?
What album was recorded after Rihanna traveled for the Loud Tour?
U.S. Route 95 Alternate and Interstate 80 in Nevada both travel through which town?
What is the nickname of the presidential palace located in the capital city of Kazakhstan?
Which retired English actor is the twin of Anthony Meyer?
When was the secretary under which Paul T. Conway served as chief of staff for the U.S. Department of Labor born?
How large is the memorial that forms the boundary of Constitution Gardens on the west ?
Odd Future is a collective that was on a television show in what genre?
What profession do Mika Kaurismäki and Sharron Miller have in common?
Blue in the Face starred the actress who began her career as what during the 1960s?
Dave Feamster currently owns five of the pizza chains that are based in what city?
Gaston Dufresne had an American composer student who was described as what?
Which American pizza chain has their headquarters in a more southerly state, Pietro's Pizza or Pizza Patrón?
This 2010 British black comedy film was loosely based on a series of murders committed over a period about how long?
What American singer born 1951 does Jim Rooney have credits for?
Which actor had more skills besides acting, Pier Paolo Pasolini or David Wall?
Pete's Paradise Cave is a cave in what British territory that is located on the southern end of the Iberian Penninsula?
Who played Ian Morrsion's love affair in "Love is a Many-Splendored Thing"?
The Schuylerville Stakes is held annually at a horse racing track in which Saratoga County town?
Who is the brutally tortured black African American journalist?
"The Blacker the Berry" was released on February 9, 2015 as the second single from which third studio album by American rapper Kendrick Lamar?
What railroad for which Oakes Ames is credit as being the single most important influence in building was caught up in the Crédit Mobilier scandal?
Which band released "Perfect Day," which appears on the 2011 American black comedy film directed by Seth Gordon?
Simply the Best was a British sports game show hosted by Kirsty Gallacher and a former professional cricket player who played for which school after Highgate School?
Thiruvalaputhur T A Kaliyamurthy is an artist that uses what type of instrument?
What Roman Catholic Church is named after a Saint said to have been granted an apparition of the Virgin Mary in December 1531?
AussieMite is similar to an Australian food spread developed by who?
Who holds the trademarks relating to the Nick Jr series that Will Kindrick worked on?
What Division did Peter O'Meara who played Norman Dike in "Band of Brothers" serve under?
Are both Burma VJ and Lennon or McCartney comedy films?
The "thingstead" for Hautgating was located in what city and country?
What children's Indian television series did Keval Vora appear in?
Which is taller, the Chrysler Building, or Central Park Tower?
What Grand Prairie, Alberta-born hockey player was traded in 1987 to the Washington Capitals?
What river goes by the oldest continuously occupied castle on mainland Scotland?
What do Bob Marley and Timo Kotipelto have in common?
Do more people live in Antrim Township, Michigan or Antrim, New Hampshire?
Who was born first, Władysław Reymont or Jane Smiley?
What word is in both the genre of Muhammed Suiçmez's band and the genre of Dave Meniketti's band?
What was the nickname of the former All-star who San Antonio Spurs before the 1996-97 season?
Was McCall's established earlier than Lucky?
Who died first, Maurice Pialat or Arline Burks Gant?
Which American former professional basketball player was Wizards high school star?
Francisco Estévez performed with which German musician best known as one of the founding members of the electronic music group Kraftwerk?
Which genus is in the Zingiberaceae family, Curcuma or Alopecurus?
What man born in 1964 directed an episode of the second season of "Modern Family"?
Luis María Cabello y Lapiedra was from El Escorial which is known for being a historical residence to who?
Which beach is 2 miles from the start of the trail that has been named one of the most beautiful and dangerous hikes in the world?
How many MLB players were named in the Mitchell report who are alleged to have used performance enhancing drugs, which is considered unethical and therefore prohibited by most international shorts organizations?
Are Vib Gyor and Muzzle both alternative rock groups?
What is the name of this town located on the larger of the two Fox Islands in Maine, where Philip Jamison's summer home is located?
What is the year of the event which occured first, The Angel of Darkness was published, or The Alienest was published?
Public KRCC license owner colorado college has what major difference in ownership rights?
Where does Michael Matricciani play his home matches?
Sunderland Association Football Club is an English professional football club that plays in a championship referred to as the Sky Bet Championship for what reasons?
Which 2015 British-French film tragedy based on William Shakespeare's play stars actor Patrick George Considine?
What was the destination of the United Airlines flight hijacked by Ahmed al-Haznawi and three others on September 11?
What kind of group does Birmingham City F.C. and English football league system have in common?
In which season did Brian Robert Walters win the Super Bowl with the Seattle Seahawks?
In which badminton tournament did Pusarla Venkata Sindhu, the first Indian to win Korea Open Super Series, defeat Kim Hyo-min?
What agency do Thomas Reiter and Christer Fuglesang work for?
Was Paul Boghossian Chair of the Department in the NYU Department of Philosophy during the same year when System of a Down was formed?
Mike Clancy and Freddie Blassie both won championships in what professional wrestling group?
What is the artist name who contributed to Sprition Media Games online video game's soundtrack?
Primaris Airlines main based an an airport named after what Senator?
Are both Gomez and Everclear from the same genre of music?
Kim Ji-hoon starred in Natalie, which was the first Korean film of what type?
Which band put out the most albums, Killdozer or Big Black?
Who was the maternal grandfather of Prince Carl Bernadotte?
Both Ford Airport and Ford Motor Company, founded by Henry Ford in 1903, are located in which city?
What type of music is this English composer who composed the music for "Blondel" best known for?
Who did the nephew of the crime boss who was reffered to as "One Eye" marry?
Which building was completed first, the Silver Towers or Madison Square Park Tower?
What instrument did the musician responsible for the song Goodnight Irene typically use?
Russian matematician Timur Eneev, current editor-in-chief of the journal Cosmic Research, was honored in 1978 by having what named after him?
Plastik is an album named after what type of organic compound?
The year before she starred in Ratchet and Clank, what did Bella Thorne star in?
Who wrote the novel, the 1967 film of which, had a title song which is a single by the group Traffic?
Both Should Have Known Better and Carrie & Lowell have which instrumentalist playing on them?
For how many years did Alice Brown Davis serve as Principal Chief of the Seminole Tribe of Oklahoma under President Warren G. Harding?
Are The Graveyard Book and The Lizzie McGuire Movie both aimed at young adults?
Baz Luhrmann created the 2008 film starring which actress?
The Star Wars Launch Bay interactive walkthrough attraction replaced The Magic of Disney Animation at which Disney park in 2015?
Conkey's Tavern is where Daniel Shays met with followers and plotted what rebellion?
Stanley: The Search for Dr. Livingston was a game whose Dr. is named after a man that was obsessed with discovering the sources of what river?
Which Glenn Medeiros hit song was released first, "Nothing's Gonna Change My Love For You" or "Un Roman d'amitié (Friend You Give Me a Reason)"?
What sport does John McCarthy and UFC 2 have in common?
Steve Davis contested in 1985 with a snooker player who is currently what?
Sir Walter Leaf was in a field identified by the majority of mainstream scientists as what?
Where was the university for which Bubba Wells played located?
Where are Leon and Yeo Hoon-min from?
Out of Central Nebraska Regional Airport and Chippewa County International Airport, which one is more west in the USA?
What division is the team Cornelius Bencsik plays on?
Who was born first, Helen Sharman or Claudie Haigneré?
In what Belgium city, beseiged by Irish soldiers, was Madelaine Verbrugge shot & killed?
The album Éxitos y Recuredos spotlights which American singer known as the Queen of Tejano music?
Which company distributed this 1977 American animated film produced by Walt Disney Productions for which Sherman Brothers wrote songs?
Which former Wisconsin Badgers offensive co-ordinator is now their head coach?
Where did the company expand that produced 40 million varieties of watches?
Min Yoon-gi is managed by a company established by who?
How many branches does the bank of which the New York Commercial Bank is a subsidiary have?
The French Air Force aircraft engine series Hispano-Suiza V-12's last two models were used mainly around what war(s)?
What character did one of the stars of the movie Gigantic voice in TWO Disney-Pixar "Monster" films?
Near what sea were the Barbary States located?
What was the profession of both Ellery Queen and John Fowles?
Which person was the architect for the skyscraper that is across from the tallest building in Sydney?
When did the Simpson's episode air that debuted the character Morris "Moe" Szyslak?
Which Adam Sandler film also starred Ben Stiller and Emma Thompson?
What profession does Scared to Be Lonely and Dua Lipa have in common?
Which city is this American rock band that released the song "Emperor's New Clothes" from?
What Scottish singer and part of The Tourists has The Scumfrog remixed?
Were the films Meet the Robinsons and Blackbeard's Ghost both based on novels?
Which cocktail is made with more colors, Astro pop or Bloodhound?
Who has the highest number of skills George Michael or Charlie Dominici?
Which businessman, born in 1853, made his fortune in Kimberley, South Africa?
National Stadium station is linked by skybridge to a shopping mall that contains how many shops?
What natural body of water does Turnford Brook and Borough of Broxbourne have in common?
The person who's death necessitated the 2014 mayoral election in Jackson, Mississippi was born in what city?
Which third annual Arrowverse crossover event did "Medusa" features?
What 1984 Steven Spielberg film used sounds processed by the Audio Signal Processor developed by James A. Moorer?
What was the new name for Switerland during the French Invasion?
In 2013, Cami Bradley appeared on a television show that began in what year?
What has the man who voiced George in the 2006 version of "Curious George" been for most of his career?
The 1932 Nevada Wolf Pack football team represented the University of Nevada located in what city?
Which genus, Physalis or Heracleum, has more species?
Are both PC Magazine and Kitelife magazines dedicated to computers?
Which politician was a Democrat, Daniel David Boren or Markwayne Mullin?
Who was the creator of a fictional town setting for the program Prairie Home Companion created in 1974?
Who founded a 2016 American computer-animated comedy film?
SASTRA Ramanujan Prize was founded in the hometown of the mathematician who compiled nearly how many results?
Are both Tom Okker and Kim Clijsters Belgian tennis players?
Arvind Kumar was a Professor of Surgery at which medical college based in New Delhi?
Mike Morasky composed the score for the puzzle game developed by which company?
Which 1988 Telugu comedy produced by D.P. Varma had music composed by the only female music director in the Telugu film industry?
Are Patty Fendick and Eugenia Maniokova both tennis coaches?
How man more Academy Awards did the creator of Sylvester the Cat win than the creator of Flippity and Flop?
Autumn Tears represent which gothic-influenced music genre?
What companies were acquired by the man that Charlie Bryan lead strike against in 1989?
U.S. Route 431 is a spur of another highway whose northern terminus is south of what city?
Where does the section of railroad that is still used by Conway Scenic Railroad connect to the Maine Central Railroad?
Kiley Dean was a back-up singer for what famous singer, who was also known as the Queen of Pop?
What American patent attorney visited John Shaw Crout in 1944?
The Elisabeth Morrow School is located in what county?
Jane Relf and Paul Carrack are both what?
Who is older, Shaun Ryder or Fish?
Who founded the company that Saturday Primetime presented by DirecTV appears on?
Which position in the us military must you be in to be eligible for the achievement medal?
Who is considered one of the central founders of the science of thermodynamics and is one of the people that the Clausius–Mossotti relation was named after?
Swedish Livonia, which constituted the southern part of modern Estonia, was fully ceded in what peace treaty between Sweden, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, the Habsburgs and Brandenburg-Prussia?
Are William Saroyan and Carla Garapedian both novelists?
Who was born more recently, Guy Big, or Tommy Hunter?
Who directed the 2006 film in which Li Ki-young had a notable role?
What was the population of the town that Wervin is situated between?
Are Gianni Schicchi and Der Freischütz both one-act operas?
Grodon Willis worked as a cinematographer for which romantic film that stars Woody Allen and Diane Keaton and was produced by Charles Joffe?
What movie was a contributor of Funny or Die nominated for in 2010?
Who lived longer Guillermo Cabrera Infante or Gerald Green?
One of the most prestigious watch manufacturers founded by a French horologist is located where?
What 1999 Japanese movie payed homage to the 1992 American crime thriller featuring Harvey Keitel, Michael Madsen, Steve Buscemi, Chris Penn, Lawrence Tierney, and Tim Roth?
Which part of nothern Europe includes a country whose second year of competitive football was 1921?
George Madison was taken prisoner following a battle that had the highest number of fatalities of any battle during the war, and took place on what date?
The Equestrian statue of Marshal Mannerheim was erected as a monument to the leader of the Whites during what event?
Two Lanes of Freedom included a cameo by which other male country singer on guitar?
What treaty ended disputed joint occupancy of the region where Reverend Gustavus Hines was a missionary?
In what city was the consigliere to the boss of the Bonanno crime family born?
What were the names of the composers of the music for the film The Sword in the Stone?
This actress starred in Gingerclown, Blade Runner, and what 1984 movie?
When was the former American football coach and a former college baseball player who made Air raid offense popular born?
Jeux d’eau is a piece for solo piano by a composer born in what year?
The Army Group German Crown Prince was a group that was under the command of the eldest child of which future German emperor?
What Native American language was Jane Hassler Hill extensively working on?
Erazmo Tićac is well known for being the main ship design engineer of a merchant ship built at a cost of how much?
Historian Edward Horton Hubbard wrote the definitive biography of an architect that died in what year?
What is the elevation range for the area that the eastern sector of the Colorado orogeny extends into?
At what junction on U.S. Ohio state Route 320 allows acces to Interstate 70?
Did Craig Schlattman and Carl Reiner both do great work in front of the camera as well as writing and directing?
What English poet was featured in a 1953 technicolor film?
What was the name of the sire of the specific breed of flaxen gene horse first bred in 1874 particularly known for their hardiness?
What visual artist had a regionalist style and pioneered the Magic Realism?
Are Maynard James Keenan and Jo Kwon from the same country?
Where was the man who described Richard Paul Ashcroft as "the best singer in the world" born?
What country of origin does Michael Platt Jr. and Marsha Blackburn have in common?
The Contemporary Arts Center has featured which artist known for "Marilyn Diptych"?
Who won more doubles titles, Iva Majoli or Simon Aspelin?
What performer who has hosted a how at Feinstein's/54 Below began her career performing in Kansas?
In which period Hong Junsheng faced the turmoil of the Cultural Revolution?
Sage and Chalice is a secret society at Yale University, who saw, as one of its members, the granddaughter of President George H. W. Bush, who was what number president of the United States?
Was the 1965 National Football League Championship Game played at an outdoor stadium or indoor stadium?
What profession did both Leni Riefenstahl and Abel Ferrara share?
Steve Pink co-wrote what American comedy in 1997?
What quantum physicist was featured in both Dalai Lama Awakening and What the Bleep Do We Know!?
At what race did this driver surpass the driver who rivals Nelson Piquet in most Grand Prix victories?
The 2010 Clipsal 500 was the twelfth running of the Adelaide 500 which is held where?
Which 1974 Hindi film stars an actor whose first lead film role was in the film "Bobby"?
The predecessor of Abul-Hasan was in charge of what unit?
What is the smallest country subdivision that contains both Greenrow and Wigton?
Over what time period did the dynasty of which Eric Christoffersen of Denmark was a member provide the Kings of Denmark?
Where is the singer and songwriter who recorded a demo of "Love the Way You Lie" alongside Alex da Kid from?
Which professional sports does the athlete, born in 1977, who has defended the championship title as many times as the American professional mixed martial artist Stipe Miocic, play?
Which film won more awards, Mary and Max or The Happy Cricket and the Giant Bugs?
Are İzmir Institute of Technology and University of Alabama at Birmingham in the same country?
Which Chinese city had the higher population in the 2010 census, Bengbu or Taishan?
David Charles Abell is recognised as an authoritative interpreter of the musicals of a composer that has won how many Tony Awards?
How many seasons did Doug Gilmour play as after being named captain in during the 1994–95 Toronto Maple Leafs season?
Hannah Baker played by Katherine Langford in?
Which genus has more species, Terminalia or Aucuba?
Name the actress who wrote the autobiography "My Life as a 10-Year-Old Boy" who was also the voice of Bart Simpson and characters for the shows Todd Flanders and Database?
What is the date of death of the author of Matecumbe?
How much area of George Washington and Jefferson National Forests is designated as wilderness areas?
Wolfgang Behrendt was a bantamweight amateur boxer from a socialist state in Central Europe that exsisted during what period?
Sonnet 20 is an example of the vague secuality of William Shakespeare because many of his sonnets are addressed to the beauty of what?
Who was born first Jim Diamond or Marie Currie?
What is the name of the city that Stella Artois was first brewed in and where the global headquarters of Anheuser-Busch InBev is?
American Anti-Slavery Society included speakers such as the abolitionist lecturer who was born into slavery in what Kentucky county?
Bestgore.com received media attention in 2012 for hosting a video of the murder of an international student of what nationality?
Jean Negulesco and Colin Campbell are both film directors and screenwriters but which is also an actor?
How many series does have the adventure novels who's first novel is The Maze of Bones?
What was the birth name of the actress who portrayed Rose Tyler in the television series Doctor Who?
Jean Bouise was a French actor who appeared in a 1985 French comedy drama film directed by Luc Besson, that starred Isabelle Adjani and who?
When was the President of Argentina who appointed Jorge Triaca Jr. as the the current Minister of Labour, Employment and Social Security born?
Milton Elting Hebald is an artist whose has 23 of his works displayed in public in New York City and at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which is headquartered at what building?
Out of Williamson County Regional Airport and Dothan Regional Airport, which airport is more north on the map?
Which genus of monocots native to the hot and arid regions of Mexico, features the genus plant Polianthes?
The soundtrack Marie Antoinette is attached to a film based on a ruler who reigned during the time leading up to what revolution?
Where was the father of the author of the novel on which The Man with the Golden Gun is based a Member of Parliament for?
"The Day I Met Marie" is a song written by an English songwriter best known as the lead guitarist for what band?
Juan Pablo Di Pace appeared in a musical with music from what successful pop group?
Stephen Oremus was the arranger and orchestrator for which 2004 American jukebox musical with Elvis Presley music and with a book by Joe DiPietro?
Which park covers more land area, Sierra Nevada National Park or Atlantic Islands of Galicia National Park?
Who wrote and produced Sechondhand Rapture which appeared in an HBO series?
Who is older, astronaut Klaus-Dietrich Flade or astrophysicist Dirk Frimout?
Who has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame, Norman Taurog or Steve James, director of Hoop Dreams?
Which 2013 sports drama starred Nicole Beharie?
Bad Kostritz and the Kostritzer brewery are located in what country?
What peninsula in North West England did the owner of Manorhaus grow up in?
Where was the father of Hyrbyair Marri from?
Lost Lad is located in which district at the southern end of the Pennines?
Which coach at the University of Oklahoma played for Duke University and was a head coach at Virginia Commonwealth University?
Pitch Perfect 2 stars which actress who is also known for her appearances on the first and second seasons of "The Sing-Off" in 2009 and 2010?
Which civil unrest (protests) led to this armed conflict in 2011 in Libya during which Arrai TV was used by overseas Libyans to defend the Gaddafi government?
What Cranberries song, written by their lead singer singer Dolores O'Riordan and included on their 1994 album No Need To Argue, is considered their most successful single?
Which song covered by Tori Amos ends with Eminem killing his wife?
Which genus is in the verbena family, Citharexylum or Laelia?
What are the nationalities of Leonid Khachiyan and Sofia Kovalevskaya?
What type of surface is the vehicles neoprene fan belts are made for supposed to drive in?
Hurricane Keith weakened to a tropical storm, before another landfall occurred near a city with a population of what?
Yu Darvish was named MVP of the 2006 Asia baseball series. Which MLB team does he pitch for?
Which political spectrum does this party founded by the father of Prabodhankar Thackeray identify itself with?
What was the first single released from the second studio album by the American violinist, dancer, performance artist, and composer who created her YouTube channel in 2007?
Which screenwriter is older, Gus Van Sant or Jiang Wen?
Who directed the 2004 film The Girl Next Door, starring American actor Emile Davenport Hirsch?
The coach of the 2011 Pittsburg State Gorillas football team was what former what?
Who is older, Tsuyoshi Kohsaka or Antônio Silva?
Marina Point was named for the daughter of which Prince of Greece and Denmark?
Do the native regions of Catananche and Ophrys overlap?
Are both Tom Stoppard and Yasunari Kawabata a novelist?
By what margin was this former member of the United States House of Representatives beaten when he ran in the 2012 Michigan election for House of Representatives?
Who currently holds the same title that Ian Gundry-White held in 1961?
Who directed the 1999 warm film starring the English actor who also portrayed a British Army Colonel in Christopher Nolan's action-thriller "Dunkirk"?
Which team did Mark Robert Kirton play for that, according to "Forbes," had an estimated worth of US $1.1 billion in 2016?
Who was the producer of AC/DC's third LP?
In what city was American professional basketball player Jason Paul Collins drafted onto the Houston Rockets?
Saturday Freedom was a show that competed against which highest-rated Saturday evening show?
Mavin Records is home to the Nigerian recording artist best known for which semi-gospel/pop song?
Golden Pheasant is a racehorse owned by a Hall of Fame hockey player who holds how many NHL records as of 2015?
The band who created an international number one hit in 1979 had that song covered in 1995 by was band?
What words are Gadiyaram derived from?
Who lived longer, Countee Cullen or Guillermo Cabrera Infante?
In 1983 Pedro Joaquin Mendoza moved to a municipality with a twin sister named what?
The Punisher is a comic book character based in what universe?
BLIZZARD! The Storm That Changed America is a book about the storm that was referred to by what name?
Who was born first, Griffith R. Harsh or Meg Whitman?
Are Unrest and National Velvet both novels?
What stadium is named after Darrell Royal, past coach of the 1976 Texas Longhorns football team?
The Adventures of Mimi is a DVD by the singer and actress who released her first album in what year?
This american tv actor who stared in a 2010 christian comedy film directed by David A.R. White?
Which American singer-sonwriter is known for the album supporting tour The 1989 World Tour and the charity single Ronan released in 2012?
Who was the first love interest for J. K. Rowling's orphan character who attends Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry?
What United States television channel aired the film about a man who died on September 11, 2001 and led hundreds out of the South Tower before dying in its collapse?
When was the band that released "Time to Pretend" formed?
Which organization is larger, Papa John's Pizza, or Sammy's Pizza?
The true crime anthology Masters of True Crime was edited by an American writer that lives in what city?
For what team did the footballer nicknamed "The Beast" play for in the 2006 Football League Trophy Final?
When was John Schaeffer's eight-time medalist athletic trainee born?
Mimi Lockhart's actress from September 1999 til March 2007 also portrayed what character in ABC's "One Life to Live" from October 2007 until January 2012?
What planet made an appearance in a 1978 musical science fiction television film set in the "Star Wars" galaxy?
The second place winner of the 2002 Japanese Grand Prix, had how many Grand Prix wins?
What was the 2010 population of the birthplace of Cynthis Farrar?
Was Domo TV or Kappa Mikey MTV's first acquisition?
What is Helios located near that would qualify as the 33rd most visited tourist attraction in the world?
Who direction the live action sequel to the Disney film based on Dodie Smith's 1956 novel "The Hundred and One Dalmatians"?
Otis Sistrunk played his entire NFL career with a team from what state?
Willi Willi Caves Nature Reserve is located on what continent?
How many murders cases were attributed to the serial killer on whose crimes the film L'assassino è ancora tra noi is loosely based?
Alexander Borodin was prominent 19th century composer and member of what group, also known as The Five?
How many cylinders are in the engine of the hatchback revealed by Honda at the 1997 Tokyo Motor Show?
When was the Field Marshal in the Wehrmacht of Nazi Germany during World War II died who was first issued Commando Order on 21 July 1942?
Between Hahm Eun-jung and John Rzeznik, who has more diverse job experiences?
Are London Can Take It! and The Seine Meets Paris of the same genre?
Who was the Assistant Director with the British theatre company based in Stratford-upon-Avon, Warwickshire, England?
Which books which is relatively long written work of fiction did Kovvali Lakshmi Narasimha Rao write?
How many breweries are in the country where The Musée schaerbeekois de la bière is located?
Which band formed farther west, Unwritten Law or Mono Puff?
What was Sartre's opinion on his novel which included the character The Autodidact?
After winning "Worst Remake or Sequel" for The Scarlet Letter, in what 1996 film did Robert Duvall play a role?
Which entertainment complex located in Blackpool, Lancashire, England, hosted the 2007 World Matchplay?
Is Greensburg, Pennsylvania in eastern or western Pennsylvania?
What is the name of the main character in the Stan series that Miranda Tapsell played a role in?
Which band was formed first, "Too Much Joy" or "Ash"?
At what time did the land rush Robert Galbreath, Jr. and his brother, Herman, begin?
In what country is Algiers, the home of Berthe Benichou-Aboulker, located?
The first one to reach outer space in the Man In Space Soonest program was which Captain in the United States Air Force, an American World War II pilot, an experimental physicist, and NASA test pilot?
Samantha Cristoforetti and Mark Shuttleworth are both best known for being first in their field to go where?
Steven Franse was a close associate of a mob boss cosidered the father of modern organized crime where?
What pornographic star is a member of the XRCO Hall of Fame and co-hosted the 13th AVN Awards Ceremony?
Which hall-of-famer was nicknamed "The Flying Dutchman"?
Was George H.W. Bush president or vice president when the Refugee Water Supply Program was started in 1992?
The War of the Reunions was a short conflict fueled by the long-running desire or a monarch known as what?
What is the name of this American actress, producer, author, and talk show panelist, who starred on Full House and in Faith of Our Fathers?
Telegraph City is located on the telegraph line between Sonora and the city that was founded by who?
Which river winds through the southern Appalachian Mountains in Tennessee, providing scenic bluffs for the Ocoee Scenic Byway?
What co-host on KTTV Fox-11's "Good Day LA" was in the first season of So You Think You Can Dance?
Mount Saint Michael Academy is a member of the athletic association made up of high schools in what area?
Which running bank was drafted by the 1983 Los Angeles Rams and later was inducted into the Hall of Fame?
How many national championships are claimed by the team that played the Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets in the 1985 All-American Bowl?
What author, pastor, and former US Army Ranger co-authored three books with Alton Gansky?
Are both Around the World in 80 Days and The Nutcracker and the Four Realms films?
What Israeli football forward participated in the ninth FIFA World Cup?
Which episode of "The Walking Dead" features a small town sheriff's deputy encountering a priest?
In which city does this Irish professional poker player and a poker commentator who served as host and dealer for E! Hollywood Hold'em reside?
Who was the drummer for the Goo Goo dolls when their sixth album, Dizzy Up The Girl was released?
What type of sports team is Stacey Totman the former head coach of at Texas Tech University?
Are Uncinia and Cedrus in the same family?
The founding team of ZDNet features a veteran from what multinational automotive company?
What types of individuals connect the warrior and invictus games?
Your Turn to Curtsy, My Turn to Bow is a novel written by a novelist who won how many Academy Awards?
What nationality is the star of the comedy-drama film "Music Within"?
Who was the prestigious military officer whose family was the inspiration for the movie “The Sound of Music”?
Which team did Steve Moore play for during the hockey game in which the Todd Bertuzzi-Steve Moore incident occurred?
Yves Simoneau and Bernard Rose are both known for being what?
Explore Evolution is a textbook by a producer with what public relations firm?
What do both Szymon Giżyński and Law and Justice have in common?
Who was born first, Phil Rosen or Edward Sloman?
Long Lake is located in which town?
Which magazine is published more foten, Darling or Femmes d’Aujourd’hui?
Are Dragon 32/64 and TK82C both headquartered in the same country?
Which is the most recent movie based on a book, Charley and the Angel or Shipwrecked?
Which Major League Baseball team did Rutherford Rennie write for during the time Lou Gehrig played for them?
Heapey is located two miles away from a market town with wealth coming principally from which industry?
What is another name for the Polka Marina's ride type?
When was the former Provisional Irish Republican Army (IRA) Terrorist born with whom Joanna Cynthia Berry publicly met in November 2000 for Good Friday Agreement?
Which Marvel Comics character with severe mental illnesses appear in the pilot episode of the American cable television series named after the character?
Do the Bronx cocktail and the Bramble cocktail both have juice in them?
The author of the short story collection "Jesus' Son" also wrote a book which won the National Book Award for Fiction featuring a protagonist by which name?
Where was the theme park directed by Nicholas William Robert Thompson that won best theme park in the United Kingdom and the ninth best park in Europe by the Travelers' choice awards located?
Where is the main campus of the private Tusculum College?
Which magazine is published more frequently, Sojourners or Science News?
What is the name of the Munsee sachem who led the most populous and widespread North American native language groups?
Which american novelist won the pulitzer prize for fiction, Cynthia Ozick or Jane Smiley?
What album was released by Top Dawg Entertainment and contains lyrical themes delivered by rasism and medication tolerence.?
The Platonia Dilemma was introduced in the book "Metamagical Themas" which was written by an author born in what year?
Who is best known for his work in alternate history, John Irving or Harry Turtledove?
What movie is based on a book that has been released in both Hebrew and Japanese?
Are Alloxylon and Leycesteria native to the same area?
Hanging Gardens collaborations from which artist that performed under the name "Senior", Jeppe was the lead vocalist of the pop duo Junior Senior?
What Song by Boys like Girls features Taylor Swift?
Where is the transmitter of the radio station located,whose broadcast was recorded for the album Honeyman: Live 1973?
Are Arum and Honeysuckle both native to Europe?
Are Glenn Hughes and Nina Persson from the same country?
Which two men directed the film adaptation of an American actor, comedian, director, and drama teacher's life?
Russia won the the Eurovision Song Contest in 2012 with Buranovskiye Babushki, a band consisting of how many people?
What is the year of the event that occured first, Flavio Bucci was born, or Suspiria was produced?
Dancing in the Moonlight was featured on the soundtrack of a film based on a novel written by who?
What county in England did a brewess that has a song and jig tune bearing her name live in?
What American electronic musician has released the album In Decay and has also done tracks under the names Sarin Sunday and SYSTM?
Odessa, the city featured in Friday Night Lights: A Town, a Team, and a Dream, is the seat of what Texas county?
Which cast in 2012 American comedy film written and directed by Coley Sohn, was born, April 10, 1988?
What was the record that the Red Raiders got when they had the coach of the current coach of the Washington State Cougars football team?
What is the nationality of the author who wrote a novel about a protagonist drawn to activism after she witnesses the police shooting of her unarmed friend?
In what city did Quincy Jyrome Acy play college basketball?
According to the 2010 census, what was the population of the county seat of Toole County, Montana?
Which revolutionary leader was surrendered to authorities by his own supporters in the capital city of Carthage after his defeat by the governor of Mauretania?
The Mitchell Mohawks are an amateur ice hockey team based in what Canadian province?
Which singer is from South Korea, Hyomin or Peter Steele?
Where are the Hospital Rock Tunnels located?
In what year was the Dutch singer who, along with Guus Meeuwis, replaced Marco Borsator and Anouk as coaches on "The Voice Holland" born?
Which actress in Galveston also played a character named "Betty Cooper" in another production?
What is the name of the South Korean-Chinese boy group whose hits include "Growl", and members include Byun Baek-hyun?
Which film was released first, Max Keeble's Big Move or Pinocchio?
Who owns the Flobal Rallycross that Scott Speed competes in?
Which actress portrays Jenna Hamilton on the MTV teen comedy series "Awkward"?
Which documentary was released first, Wrath of Gods or Punk's Not Dead?
Three Artists One Song is part of an annual series of a shoe company that is a subsidiary of this corporation since 2003.?
Which type of large intestine worm was primarily studied by Ivan Mackerie?
Which guitarist played in the rock band Kansas?
The murders commited by Colin Howell were the subject of an ITV drama series based on murders commited in what year?
Juan García Ábrego was the nephew of the founder of what drug gang?
On what network were The Upside Down Show and Maisy both aired?
Who wrote Elephant Stone with the song writer John Squire?
Ilha is a civil parish in the municipality of Santana in a Portoguese archipelago that had how many inhabitants in 2011?
Bones is an American crime procedural drama television series focusing on forensic anthropology and archaeology, on which actor Eric Millegan plays which character?
Which magazine Me Naiset or Marie Claire is published more frequently?
What district is the Warner Bros. Studios located in?
Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely are screenwriters for a series of fantasy films by C.S. Lewis, what was the film series?
Which movie, The Super Snail Adventure and Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, was based on a children's book?
Which battle lasted longer, the Battle of Tarawa or the Battle of Leyte?
In what year was the comedian who was starred in "Lionel Nimrod's Inexplicable World" with Stewart Lee born?
Which is from farther west, U2 or Queens of the Stone Age?
Which dog has it's origins farther south, the Shih Tzu or the Mudhol Hound?
Kim Chung-sim is a North Korean football midfielder who competed at the world championship for women's national association football teams held on what dates?
Who is older, Angelique Kerber or Michaël Llodra?
What Matt Dillon movie came out a year following his starring in an American romantic comedy-drama directed by Ted Demme?
The empire that Ayurbarwada Buyantu Khan was the eighth Great Khan originated where?
Are Right On! and The Family Handyman both teen magazines?
Which plant is native to Europe and Morroco, Phyteuma or Goodyera?
Both Carnegie Mellon University and Vanderbilt University are private or public research universities?
Which author was born first, James Redfield or James Hanley?
What is the name of the winner of Celebrity Big Brother 10's dog?
What school of composers was attended by the composer whose operas were considered the only German ones more important than "Die Soldaten" by Bernd Alois Zimmermann?
The Rolls-Royce Wraith is based on the chassis of what car that was known as RR04 during development?
The king who was responsible for the Act of the 18th was in power until what year, the same year he died?
What is the name of the German Shephard dog of which While London Sleeps was one of the films made for the dog, excludong Tintin or The Adventures of Tintin?
Who wrote "The Office" episode, "The Valentine", guest starring the actor professionally known as Chip Esten?
What gang were Buck Barrow and Blanche Barrow apart of?
What name did the corporation, who bought the Lavington Square Shopping Centre, previously go by?
The 6th Canadian Infantry Division was originally scheduled to participate in this proposed Allied plan for the invasion of Japan near the end of World War II but the plan was abandoned after the Soviet invasion of which region?
Which major river is Buford, North Dakota nearest to?
Which American actor was starred as Frank Cannon of "Cannon" on the first "Barnaby Jones" episode?
Are both Charles Shyer and Christopher Nolan film directors?
What was the name of the drummer on the Panic at The Disco album where the former lead vocalist (among other titles) for the Brobecks played bass?
What kind of art does Bewitched Bunny and Bugs Bunny have in common?
Have both Diana Gabaldon and Karen Joy Fowler written science fiction and fantasy novels?
What city contains the base of the aviation company that Mobolaji Bank Anthony was a minority investor in?
The Airdrome Dream Classic uses what visual arts style?
In addition to the work that would later be translated into English and titled 'Philosophicall rudiments concerning government and society', what other work mentions Bellum omnium contra omnes?
Which film did the voice actor who plays Sam Eagle in the television show "The Muppet Show" co-direct with Jim Henson?
Which band was formed first, New Model Army or the Ramones?
Task Force Faith and Operation Undertone were both components of which branch of the U.S. military?
The actor that played Dr. Frank-N-Furter in "The Rocky Horror Picture Show" also voices a character in a 2014 Malaysian 3D animated film produced by what 2 studios?
What electronic stage is an audio power amplifier like the McIntosh MC-2300?
Where was the male star of the comedy series No Place Like Home born?
Which story received publication into a movie, Dangal or Ghostopolis?
Who was the American writer with the famous anthology called "Welcome to the Monkey House"?
The tallest completed building in Nevada host an annual festival called Las Vegas Uncork's, it is an even centered around what to things?
Who's army was Sanite Belair a member of during the Haitian Revolution?
Who was born first, Arthur Woollgar Verral or Euripides?
Ian Charleson, in the Oscar-winning 1981 film "Chariots of Fire," portrayed a man who chose what over competing in an Olympic race held on a Sunday?
Are Barbara Jordan and Nikola Pilić both former professional tennis players?
What is the nickname of the highway that intersects with State Route 116 near a ghost town in Churchill County?
Who directed the American science fiction horror which featured Alyvia Alyn Lind as her debut?
Who did the actor who played J.D. Salinger in Coming Through the Rye play in Lonesome Dove?
What album produced by Rick Rubin features a cartoon character named Jerome McElroy?
The captain of the Afghan Cheetahs was also the captain of what team from 2012 to 2015?
What type of place is St James Church one of only some 2,500 of?
In what city is the Samy Ofer School of Communications?
Who hosts the show Mobbed which is choreographed by Tabitha and Napoleon D'umo?
Had "Snow Patrol" already been formed when "The Juliana Theory" first disbanded?
The Australian Football League's 2010 finals culminated at the sports stadium located in what city?
Yale had a relationship with which institution, that has an urban stream called Fonteyn Kill flowing through it?
Who used the name Gloria in their music first, Van Morrison or the Shadows of Knight?
One of the three Major Leauge Soccer clubs that have seased operations was originally a subsidiary of what club?
What is the other name for François Leterrier's debut film?
In what year did the 8th season winner of "Food Network Star" air their pilot Rebel Eats on Food Network?
How We Built Britain was written and presented by a broadcaster best known for what?
In which side of the Hatfield, Hertfordshire the home of the Marquess of Salisbury located??
The M22 Locust was designed and produced by the company that was a manufacturer of what types of vehicles until the early 1960s?
Mayhem Festival 2015 included a Danish heavy metal musician who was the lead vocalist for what non-namesake band?
Full Moon is the debut extended play by a singer that was a former member of what South Korean girl group?
Who has more scope of profession, Gordon Wiles or Wang Xiaoshuai?
Winterton Community Academy is located in a small town that had how many inhabitants in 2011?
Jerry Farley worked at what college that was founded under the Morril Act?
What three occupations are shared by Bob Clark and Andrés Wood?
What 2016 episode of the series Black Mirror was directed by the director of Be Right Back?
Which Norwegian black metal band unleashed an album called Masterpiss Of Pain, in 2001 on Satyr's Moonfog label?
Which film was originally titled "Planet One", The Happy Cricket and the Giant Bugs or Planet 51?
Who was born first Edward Teller or Enrico Fermi?
Which hospital has more beds, Providence Hospital or Psychiatric Institute of Washington?
In what region was the Native American tribe, the Shoshones, located in?
When was the father of the critically acclaimed author of "The Alienist" born?
2001 Intercontinental Cup had which Ghanaian defender as man of the match?
What was the name of Senator Freerick Hale's Republican father?
What should you do to show respect when walking the trail Oahu trial that leads to a 150 foot waterfall, on the night of Kane, Ku, Lono, or Kanaloa at sunset and just before the sunrises?
What area does Salt Creek Falls and Multnomah Falls have in common?
FPT University and Cavite State University Rosario Campus are both what types of facilities?
Mathew Waters played the role of Young Peter Allen in a musical that premiered in Australia in what year?
What is the time-travel agency called in the expanded fourth edition of the "GURPS" role-playing game published by Steve Jackson Games in 2005 that connects to GURPS Banestorm?
Who stars as the wife of the creator of The Neighbors in The Room?
Which album did Queen Latifah put out first, Black Reign or All Hail the Queen?
What number of aerial victories was the husband of Jola Jobst the first to claim?
Which former Canadian Professional Ice Hockey Player endorses MLX Skates?
When was the actor revealed as "The Mother" in the Season 8 finale in How I Met Your Mother born?
In what year was the first novel written by Richard Paul Evans published?
911 / Mr. Lonely features vocals by the Norwegian singer-songwriter from what city?
Leading evolutionary game theorist John Maynard Smith was taught at university by which British-born Indian scientist?
Who was convicted in 1999 of the murder of a resident of a town 65 miles north of Denver?
Which ship was John Taylor Wood a serving Lieutenant on when it engaged the first ironclad warship commissioned by the Union in the American Civil War?
Who produced the 1985 film starring Bruce M. Fischer?
The Honda RA106 was driven by someone who spent three seasons with the team as British American Racing, who is he under contract with?
In which month of 1917 did this battle during the World War I, in which Henry Maitland Wilson participated, start?
Bragg electoral district, incorporating the Kensington Park suburb, are associated with which South Australian city?
What does the father of the farm girl in "The Simpsons" episode titled "Apocalypse Cow" typically wear?
What synthetic stimulant is sometimes called flaka or gravel?
Phi Fa is a ghost in the folklore of the country that is bordered by what country on its southwest?
What sport was the player born in the county seat of Osage County involved in?
Which member of Maryland's 6th congressional district is running for President of the United States in 2020?
Where does the Cody Taylor Hall's wrestling group notably appeared in USA?
Who wrote a biography of the jazz musician that lived his adult life as a man, but was assigned female at birth?
How long did it take to write the album "Physical Graffiti"?
What was the first name of Elfriede Geiringer 's husband's elder brother?
Is "Rounders", written by David Levien, a film about poker or baseball?
What film is a story based on a book about another film that was originally a Novel by C.S. Forester written in 1935?
Arcane Collective was founded by what American choreographer and dancer?
Henry V was a film that included which actor well-known for his deep and ebullient voice?
In between Wayne Black and Iván Molina, who is Colombian?
Prince Axel of Denmark was a cousin of the King of Greece, who ruled during what years?
When did the office held by Donald Tsang from 2005 to 2012 come into being?
When was the singer of "America's Sweetheart" born?
The official that Æthelgeard served under was King of England between which years?
US5 was a multinational pop boy band that debuted in june 2005 on a record label owned by a produced who was sentenced to how many years in prison?
Who wrote the book that The Universe Versus Alex Woods has been compared to?
John Kpera was Military Governor of Benue State during the military regime of a Major-General who is the current President of which country?
Which University was founded first, University of the Aegean or Victoria University of Wellington?
Who has more experience in the film industry Ivan Magrin-Chagnolleau or Greg Mottola?
Who directed the film Kim Hyang-gi starred in that was released in 2017?
Bob Scucci was the Assistant Race and Sports Book Manager at the casino in what city?
After the Dark stars the British actress who played what role in the Harry Potter film series?
Ferry Cross the Mersey was a film that included a group prominent in what 1960s music scene?
What American song writer is responsible for the guitar work in "Give Life Back to Music"?
Do Elizabeth Forsythe Hailey and Osip Mandelstam share the same nationality?
Who is the lead singer of the Scottish rock band which released the song “You Could Have It So Much Better”?
In regards to the Charlotte Hornets' all time leader in points, who's number hangs in the rafters next to his at Virginia Tech?
Coon 2: Hindsight is an episode of the animated series that first aired on what date in 2010?
Do the films Fight for the Planet and Anvil! The Story of Anvil have the same director?
In what year did the television programme that announced the discovery of ASW0009io9 first air?
What is the birth year of this English film director and producer best known for directing blockbuster action films, including When a Stranger Calls?
Are both Waratah and Trachymene native to Fiji?
Which James Bond movie theme song artist released first, the artist of Die Another Day or The World Is Not Enough?
What was the nationality of the philosopher who had a mental breakdown due to a horse being whipped?
Rosie Mac is a body double for Emilia Clarke in an HBO series based on what book series?
What was the name of the conspiracy, which Carl Wentzel-Teutschenthal participated in and got executed for?
Davison's was the major competition to a retail chain headquartered in what city?
What Plasmodium organism is Raymond G. Chambers an envoy for?
Who was the producer of the 2016 animated film about an amnesiac fish?
As of June 27, 2014, the United States Route 15 going through New York State was redesignated as what motorway, running from central Pennsylvania through southern New York?
What animation studio are both Susanne Blakeslee and the game Kingdom Hearts associated with?
Matt Firor is well known for being involved in the role-playing game developed by what studio?
The Congress of Tucumán initially met in a city founded in what year?
Are The Futureheads and White Lies post-punk bands?
In which year was the first game of the Sonic Adventure video game series released?
Who was born first, Chuck D or Koshi Inaba?
Which documentary was released first, No Impact Man or The Saved?
Benson's Wild Animal Farm was a private zoo and amusement park in a town with what population as of the 2010 census?
In what city is the palace in which Friary Court is located located?
Which was founded first, Foreign Policy or Domino?
In what year was the number one single from Rihanna that was featured on Now That's What I Call Music! 38 released?
Music for Egon Schiele is the second LP by an instrumental group formed in what city?
Why has Doug the Pug made an appearance with Ed Sheeran?
Fernando Rey starred in That obscure Object of Desire that was directed by whom?
Have John Mayer and Andy Yorke both been members of a band?
The designer of the Caja Madrid Obelisk was born in what year?
Do Robert Plant and Brandon Flowers have the same nationality?
Which radio station is licensed to the county seat of Mower County?
Yiannos Papantoniou was 'highly commended' for his achievements by an English-language monthly magazine first published in what year?
What is the population of August Wagenmann's city of death, as of 2015?
MIchael Silotro was the brother of an American mobster who replaced what Outfit member in Las Vegas?
Which university consist of the largest amount of schools and colleges under their namesake, Binghamton University of National University of Mongolia?
Which site was used for the 1968 Rugby League World Cup Final and the One Day International?
In what year was the singer born that debuted the album "The Trees They Grow So High"?
Which Led Zepplin bassist arranged Meic Stevens first single for Decca Records?
William Blake Crump directed a movie which was a remake of what?
"When My Blue Moon Turns to Gold Again" was recorded by which artist who passed away on July 31, 1964?
The Beijing ePrix was an automobile championship race of a class of auto racing conceived in what year?
Asaria is the name of a family that moved through one of the largest cities in which region by population?
Mall Madness and The Game of Life are board games released by which toy and game company?
Which of Ian Charleson's movies did he play a character who was a Scottish athlete and rugby union international player?
What was the director of I Wanna Be a Sailor's most significant work?
Does Taksim Gezi Park or Nuruosmaniye Mosque feature Ottoman architecture?
Which city is bigger, Xingcheng and Emeishan City?
What year was one of Neville Chamberlain's nephews born?
Who is the British novelist who taught at both Oxford University and Cambridge University and also wrote "Chronicles of Narnia"?
Which board game has been around longer, Las Vegas or Polarity?
In what county is Podunk located?
What person born in 1830 assisted at the Battle of Santa Lucia?
What is the French name of the channel at the mouth of the river Dives?
What did The Bongo Club participated in in the United States on July 7, 1977?
When was Camp Cornette's manager born?
Raman Hui, the Hong Kong animator that also directed Shrek the Third co directing what type of short film that was produced by DreamWorks Animation?
Which Swedish writer, who wrote the novel Jerusalem, was the first female writer to win the Nobel Prize in Literature?
Chris Messina plays Danny Castellano on a tv series created by who?
Life in the Fast Lane was on an album that was the Eagles what studio album?
When was Stefan Mihajlović's father born?
LaSalle Ishii's best known anime role is as the lead character in Japanese comedy manga series written and illustrated by who?
Codex Porphyrianus includes the only apocalyptic document in the New Testament that the name means what?
What job in film did both Hampton Del Ruth and Frank Pierson share?
In what county is the Florida Botanical Gardens located?
Which country shares a maritime border with a different country where a poet served as a politician and diplomat?
What did Krishnan–Panju and Billy Bob Thornton have in common?
The Chinese men's national under-20 ice hockey team plays in the events traditionally held in what month?
Which of these two composers - Giuseppe Verdi and Modest Mussorgsky died sooner?
Mary Bridget Davies does an interpretation of which famous American rock singer and songwriter who died of a heroin overdose at age 27?
Are Tiffanie DeBartolo and Tony Gatlif both novelists?
Which university is Switzerland's oldest university and has Jean Pieters as a professor?
In which county the city is located to which WIRP-LD is licensed to?
Which published on a bi-monthly basis Giant Robot or Sculptural Pursuit magazine?
Which long running character from the Simpsons is Nancy Cartwright known for that sang the song Deep, Deep Trouble?
Which university has more alternate names, Colorado State University or Alexandria University?
Where is the mixed martial artist in Den of Thieves from?
Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham... is a drama that has music penned by a lyricist of what heritage?
A Monster Folk member and guitarist teamed up with what American singer songwriter to record the album "The Coincidentalist"?
What waterfall is located downstream of Wiesendanger Falls along the Historic Columbia River Highway?
What is the name of the soundtrack CD was released on July 19, 2005 for the film baed on the Marvel Comics' character "The Punisher"?
The crown name after Edward the Confessor is one of the oldest Crown Jewels of England, or now known as what?
What kind of guitar riffs are likely to appear in Sauze's music?
What was the contribution of the "quiet Beatle" to a song Ian McDonald described as having "rich and unusual harmonic motion"?
Which Greater Manchester football club did Delory Facey play for?
What is the largest city in the Mexican state containing Romita?
Were both Time Warner Center and 1095 Avenue of the Americas over 700ft tall?
Where is the North Carolina school whose basketball team was coached by Duggar Baucom located?
In what county is the college that Arthur Canario went to?
What career did both Peter Schamoni and Renny Harlin have?
What source book provides rules for running games like GURPS Space in a fantasy setting?
What Russian and Soviet film maker and film theorist directed On the Red Front?
In what year did Mary Ellen Trainor find fame in the film "The Goonies"?
From what college did the wrestler who Ron Simmons defended the WCW World Heavyweight Championship from wrestle for?
Who is known for their work as an actor, Adam G. Sevani or Gary Braver?
What was the 2014 population of the Dutch province that includes the village of Kropswolde?
More danico was a type of marriage that took place during what approximate timeframe?
What is the nationality of the physician who conducted experiments on Jona Laks?
Who worked on most different areas, Ali Campbell or Mr Lordi?
Where was the small- or mid-sized macropod The Mysteries of Alfred Hedgehog show followed found?
Which plant is locally known as Ghaap, Frailea or Hoodia?
Did Edwin Greenwood and Curtis Hanson create movies during the same time span?
Alan Mills composed the classic folk song that tells the story of what?
Cliffhanger starred which actor who played Rocky Balboa?
Which Swiss vocalist born in 1975 founded the Swiss folk metal band which released 7 studio albums?
The owner of the production company 40 Acres and a Mule Filmworks worked with Marvin Worth to create what film?
Who was the father of the man born Rudolph Valentino Clay?
Which university hosts the Plattsburgh State Television station in Plattsburgh, NY?
Which congressional district did this senior United States Senator from Michigan, for whom Rostin Behnam served as senior counsel, serve in the House of Representatives from 1997 to 2001?
Where did Richard Gillow found the furniture company, Gillows of Lancaster and London?
What is the nickname of club who had Alf Lythgoe as the manager in 1953?
What occurred in 2004 that marked the end of the period known as the history of the European Union?
Who was the lead singer of the British pop rock band who released a compilation album in 2002?
Master of Study starred the actress who had a role as a political activist in what 2002 film?
Park Jae-jung appeared in the second season of what South Korean reality variety show?
In what designated area of Japan would you find 3,950 Prunus mume?
Where was the college football Bowl Championship Series (BCS) bowl game where the Wake Forest represented the ACC?
What animal first described by the Sri Lankan zoologist Deraniyagala is found at Yala National Park?
When was the American composer of music who sang Cinderella born?
Which of the following airports hosts Peterson Air Force Base as a tenant: Newark Liberty International Airport or Colorado Springs Airport?
A music group whose members are already successful as solo artists, such as Serpentine Dominion, is called what?
When was the Southern Railway 107 sold to help with the construction of a hydroelectric dam on the French Broad River in Sevier County, Tennessee?
Q: Who plays Squirrely Dan on the show created by Jared Keeso and Jacob Tierney?
Who mentored the rapper of the song in question?
Who was elected to represent Palghar Lok Sabha in the largest-ever election in the world?
The 1975 comedy film Supercock stars which Hong Kong-born American actress who appeared in major Hollywood films?
The 46th Miss Universe pageant was won by this American actress, TV Host, model and beauty queen who was born in which city?
What part of William Shakespeare's career did he write the story that is similar to the story in "Kuch Tum Kaho Kuch Hum Kahein"?
What did the first book of Gary Zukav explore?
Which plant has more species, Asarina or Glottiphyllum?
What band member from an alternative country band formed in 1994 contributed to the album Sad Girl?
Who published the game from which Cosplay artist Folkenstal features weapons and armors from?
Does both Spokane International Airport and Flagstaff Pulliam Airport serve international countries?
What is the birth date of this British actor and former professional footballer who starred alongside John Travolta in Swordfish?
When was the Republican politician born who represented the Ohio's 1st congressional district?
Guelphs and Ghibellines supported the Pope during which time frame?
A member of the FOLIO 40 and an early donor to the Donald Trump Presidential Campaign is the CEO of a media organization in what city in Florida?
Which album by Rodolfo Paez Avalos was released by Sony BMG on September 21, 2006?
Which novelist was born first out of Helen Zahavi and Richard Llewellyn?
Which musician Josh Franceschi or Katie White is a member of the group Ting Tings?
The Young Country stars an actor best known for what role in "Alias Smith and Jones"?
Does Agua de Valencia contain the same ingredients as a Cape Codder?
Josie de Guzman along with a tony award winner, starred in what broadway show in 1992?
Who wrote the screenplay for the Alfred Hitchcock movie that Eva Marie Saint acted in?
John Reed was married to which feminist and journalist who was known for sympathetic coverage of the Bolsheviks?
Henry Marshall Ashby was a Confederate States Army colonel who served under what former United States Secretary of War?
Which former irish footballer hold the record for the most football league championship manager of the month awards alongside Billy Davies?
What other player had his way pioneered by the same Irish football player and manager that also pioneered the way for the Republic of Ireland national team's captain from March 2006-August 2016?
For what team, formed in 1919, does Tyler Denton play?
What annual record holding event started after Elias Kidd's post office stopped operations?
Which is a genus of tree, Gymnocladus or Nautilocalyx?
Who directed the films "Men Behind the Sun" and "Black Sun: The Nanking Massacre"?
The Harding House-Walker Missionary Home is a historic house at 161–163 Grove Street in the Auburndale village of which suburban city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States?
Both the Jack and Coke and Orange Tundra can can be poured into what kind of glass?
What is the nationality of the author of Progress in Optics?
In what year was the rapper whose fourth studio album was "Rucka's World" born?
Where is the residence of the "Proper Education" remixer known as Cirez D?
The sister of Britney Spears starred as what character in the show based off Zoey 101?
How long was the career of the Marine Corps major general who grew up in the Butler house?
Do Fish House Punch and Gin pahit contain alchohol?
Who directed the movie in which Lynn Cartwright played the older version of Gena Davis' character Dottie Hinson?
Prostitution Information Center is located in the red-light district that contains approximately how many cabins?
What is the capacity of the stadium that houses the team that Keith Webber moved to in April of 1963?
Which multi-sport event in which Fernando Pacheco Filho's team placed 11th took place starting 7 August 2008 in Beijing China?
Who is the biggest shareholder of Mokulele Flight Service, Inc.?
What country did the project that Girish Wagh was a key figure of launch in?
Are Darwinia citriodora and Chionochloa both endemic to western Australia?
Cory Devela trains at Victory Athletics in Yelm, Washington with a veteran fighter born in what year?
Which Spanish football coach born in 1973 was announced as the new Everton manager in 2013?
What nationality was the commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest that took place in Copenhagen, Denmark?
André Zucca was a French photographer who worked with a German propaganda magazine published by what Nazi organization?
Who is involved in a club that involves a sport developed by Morihei Ueshiba?
Regarding Roald Dahl and William Saroyan, which is the American novelist?
What English writer born in 1812 was a schoolfellow of Henry Sewell Stokes?
Which is a television director, David Trainer or John Edward Heys?
Are both the women's magazines, Bild der Frau and Hearth and Home, still in publication?
Who was in a pop duo with the man who writes songs for a cartoon about a spider monkey?
Which dog breed, Russian Spaniel or Portuguese Podengo, has been around the longest?
Danny Burstein starred in Indignation in 2016, what else did he star in that year?
The Long Way was a song written for the eponymous studio album released on what date?
Which city did the movie "My Own Private Idaho" premiere in?
Renowned MC Rakim appeared on "Guilty All The Same" by Linkin Park, and is usually associated with which hip-hop partner?
Who was born first, Russ Haas or Charlie Haas?
Does Strangers in Paradise or Dead by Sunrise have more members?
What is the capacity of the La Liga stadium in which The Madrid Derby team plays their home games?
What country was the queen for whom Robert Keate served as Serjeant-Surgeon also Empress of?
The musical, Newsies, starring Mike Faust as Morris Delancey, was produced by which company?
The most famous guest at the Hotel Lester-Lester Cafe won four Olympic golds at what Games?
Which political party do both Jessica Lee and Dominic Grieve belong to?
The fictional character Tracey Kibre is played by an actress that played what role on the tv sitcom "Cheers"?
Lonesome Lake is located south of a 4080 ft peak that was home to what?
Gaetano Gianolla was the head of what crime family?
Did Wayne Wang or Mickey Rooney work as a vaudevillian actor?
Who owns the channel that Business Nation aires on monthly?
Are GCA Savvian and Houlihan Lokey both global investment banks?
The lead vocalist of what band presented awards with Bryan Ferry and Ian "Molly" Meldrum?
Süleymaniye Mosque and Rüstem Pasha Mosque share what style?
Did Brandenburg v. Ohio occur prior to Miranda v. Arizona?
The Black Windmill is a film produced by a man best known for coproducing what?
Which businessman contributed to the construction of the theme park where Intimidator is found?
Which show is is directed by the same people who were presenters for the Holy Trinity?
What county is DerpyCon held in?
The Montenegrin Mountain Hound and Mudhol Hound are both used for what common purpose?
What company owns brand of goal tending equipment endorsed by former head coach of the Colorado Avalanche?
Who was born first Sergio Leone or Valie Export?
Where was the band which went along with Ludichrist formed?
Peston on Sunday is hosted by the reporter who got the scoop on which financial crisis in the late-2000s?
What single from "All Over the Road" was released after the song written by Beavers and DiPiero?
Which award did a actress of No Entry crowned in 1997?
Which band was formed first, Red Hot Chili Peppers or UB40?
During the 1993 Cleveland Browns season, their longtime starting quartback Bernie Kosar resurfaced in Dallas, filling in for what quarterback who was the number one overall draft pick in 1989?
What type of films are the Still Kicking and Bicycle Dreams?
How many seasons did the man who runs KnowledgeWare play in the NFL?
The ethnic group of which Rev. Charles Bluejacket was once chief spoke what language?
This thriller film directed by Mathew Cullen includes a cast member who is an English fashion model and actress who signed with Storm Model Management after doing what in 2009?
What drama film features singer Tionne Watkins?
What was the population in 2010 of the county where San Antonio Florida is located?
Which men and women's department store chain based in Jacksonville, Florida, that also has home décor, accessories, and shoes, does Britton Plaza Shopping Center have?
What position did driver Denny Hulme finish in the 1966 Pau Grand Prix held in France?
Who was born first, Mirosław Hermaszewski or Jean-Loup Chrétien?
Was Evgeny Schwartz or Benno Besson from the Soviet Union?
Which American country music singer-songwriter has Jimmy Rollins as sideman?
Bead Hill is an archaeological site comprising the only known remaining site of an indigenous people who lived south of which lake?
What kind of activist is the former child actress who played Bumstead's daughter in the American sitcom "Blondie"?
Are Pablo Trapero and Albert Capellani both film directors?
Which band was actively performing for the longest stretch, Catherine or Sound Team?
When did this supposed co-leader of the Groundswell group serve as U.S. ambassador to the United Nations?
ATR 42 is an airliner developed and manufactured by a manufacturer headquartered where?
Which fantasy fiction author wrote The Black Wheel along with co-author Hannes Bok?
What jobs did Don Henley do compared to Andrew Wood?
Who is older Baz Luhrmann or Ryan Gosling?
The power station known as Conoco Phillips Power Station is owned by who?
What other band did guest drummer Brad Wilk, from "Late Night with Seth Meyers" also play with?
Who is the uncle who played for the Phoenix Cardinals of the running back who set the NCAA freshman rushing record with 1,925 yards as a true freshman during the 2004 season?
Fawad Khan has starred in Numm and also won numerous awards including 6 what?
Which band formed first, School of Fish or The Tears?
Roaring Rapids is a river rapids ride located at Six Flags Magic Mountain in which state?
Are there more species of Persea or Cryptotaenia?
What was the name of the character played by an actor from the last six Harry Potter films in the BBC television serial "The Singing Detective"?
During which service is the canticle upon which Bach's cantata Meine Seel erhebt den Herren, BWV 10 is based traditionally included in the Eastern Orthodox church?
Who has more occupations, Tom Robinson or Paul Weller?
What is the population of the city which holds the Kentucky Bourbon Festival?
How much did the Welcome 2 showcasing an American jazz bassist and singer earn?
Souleyman Sané is the father of the German forward who plays for which Premier League team?
What 2009 quarterback for the Michigan Wolverines was drafted by the Jacksonville Jaguars?
Sarcococca and Emmenopterys can both be found in southeastern Asia?
"British Steel", "Hero Hero" and "Point of Entry" are albums by which British metal band?
What national park in Australia hosts the continent's second oldest ski club, and its nearest village named Charlotte Pass?
The Worst Journey in the World is based on a memoir by an English explorer that was born in what year?
Who was the father of Isabel Marshal's husband>?
Both John Davis and Blind Tom Wiggins are known for playing what musical instrument?
Now You See Me is a series of heist thriller whose cast includes an actress who started to get wider attention for her role in what 2004 film?
CBS's Under The Dome was based on a novel by what author?
Aironet Wireless Communications, network equipment maker, was acquired in 1999 by which Silicon Valley giant?
In the city of Chaozhou and the district of Wujin District, is the local language a dialect of Wu Chinese?
Toni Minichiello is coach to the athletics champion from what discipline?
Narinder Kumar Gupta is Professor of Mechanics at a public institution that was declared to be Institute of National Importance by Government of India under what?
What soldier from a town in Rockingham County was said to have been one of the men having fired the first shot at Bunker Hill?
The high-peaked mountains Kangchenjunga and Singhi Kangri are both partially in which country?
When was the university, which the American paleontologist and geologist known for the discovery of Dreadnoughtus, founded?
The Walter HWK 109-509 powered the first piloted aircraft of any type to exceed how many MPH in level flight?
José Câmnate na Bissign is from a country that covers how many square Km2?
Principal Elizabeth Cairncross leads over what types of music school?
What country is Jiuquan and Jinggangshan City located in?
The Jokerit hockey tam is a part of a league that is second in the world behind what organization?
The song Tim Nichols won a Grammy Award for Best Country Song in 2004 was on which Tim McGraw album?
Why did the Roman catholic church become separate over which doctrine?
What processed Apple Qmaster jobs on a cluster and was introduced in 2002?
Which composer is older, Giuseppe Verdi or Henry Purcell?
Are Princess Sumaya University for Technology and Tennessee Technological University from the same country?
Who produced an animated adventure film about racing that was released alongside a short film written and directed by Dave Mullins?
What present day country would Muhammad ibn Abbas be from?
Craig Smith has served as an assistant for Tim Miles at a school whose only major national trophy came when they won what?
Who died first, Robert Baldock or Edward II of England?
Do Mara Santangelo and Patty Fendick currently play tennis professionally?
Who is older, Langston Hughes or James Agee?
In what year was the actress that was in "Enemies Among Us" in a movie based on a comic book?
Are Hilton Head Airport and Mammoth Yosemite Airport both public airports?
What stand up comedian appeared opposite of Alan Whitney Brown in the Big Picture bit on SNL?
Do the operas Don Carlos and Pomone have the same number of acts?
Where did Claus Schilling participate in Nazi human experimentation on large numbers of prisoners, including children?
After the controversies of the 2015 World Conference of Science Journalists in Seoul, David Colquhoun was critical of a British biochemist who was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in what year?
Globe Arena is a stadium used by which team that plays in League Two?
Magdalena of Nassau-Dillenburg's brother lead a revolt that set off what war?
Alexie Glass-Kantor is the curator for the Encounters sector of what type of show?
Who mostly wore the overcoats popular in the Koryŏ period?
Both London and German have seen attacks during war, there was one specific type of attack that Germany called the blitz, what did London call a similar attack?
Who co-produced (apart from Beastie Boys themselves) Beastie Boys' album that has the song "Sure Shot"?
What one-time American Red Cross affiliate and African American medical researcher aided Dr. John Scudder with his Plasma for Britain program?
Which Indian symphonic conductor serves on the Anotonin Dvorak Music Festival named after the world-renowned Czech composer?
How many people are employed by the company operating the Varsseveld railway station?
How many runners did the race attract in its second year in which the primary sponsor is a company ranked #69 in the most recent Fortune 500?
Which band has more members, Jane's Addiction or The Airborne Toxic Event?
Do both Craig v. Boren and Marsh v. Chambers deal with the First Amendment?
For what team did the current manager of English Premier League club Stoke City score a goal in the 1994 Football League Cup Final?
Hotel Chevalier was direction by an american director whose films are known for what?
The seat of the sheriff of Lorn was a small ruined castle located on a hill north of the town of what?
I See You was written by an American composer, conductor and orchestrator of film scores who was known for the integration of choral and electronic elements, and for his frequent use of motifs associated with what?
Which mountain is higher, Ngadi Chuli or Porong Ri?
Where does the 1994 Tampa Bay Buccaneers coach currently coach at?
Which of these 2010-2011 sports seasons started later, 1.FSV Mainz or Bundesliga?
Are both Real Simple and EE Times online magazines?
Which Italian Tunisian actress starred in Escape to Athena?
In what industry is the man who formed The Flying Lizard Motorsports group?
What Indian reservation that was established in 1868 is located near the Pryor Mountains in Montana?
Does Limnocharis or Oemleria genus of plant have more recognized species?
What percentage of Greenland speaks the same language that Count Flemming Valdemar of Rosenborg did?
Dinesh Chandra Bhandary was awarded the Vir Chakra, for his service during a war that lasted for how many days?
Bethpage High School is in what zip code?
KGVA serves residents of an Indian reservation with how many enrolled members in 2010?
Tonko Soljan starred this American actor who was born on February 24?
Which park in Manhattan can be seen from the San Remo, the 27-floor apartment building opened in 1930?
The Siege of Fort Pitt was part of a war named after which leader?
Who is the magazine aimed at that Judson Jerome wrote the poetry column for over thirty years?
How long was the reign of the king whose court Paon de Roet became attached to?
What city in Boone county Missuori is the location of the headqurters on Shelter Insurance Company?
A Portuguese explorer appeared on stamps for what province?
Where did the author of "Gulliver's Travels" become the Dean of St. Patrick's Cathedral?
Are Rockefeller University and Massachusetts Institute of Technology both considered to be prestigious?
When was the album that has the song "Piggy" released?
The Dollar is the major-label debut album from an American country that was born in what year?
How many specials were aired on the series that Buddy Van Horn doubled for Guy Williams on?
John Carroll Power served as the first custodian of a tomb of a president and how many of his sons?
Who was the lyricist who wrote over 51% of the music for the Musical "Once" that won the 2013 Grammy Award for Best Musical Theater Album?
What textbook was written by the economist who created the "welfare definition" of economics?
What bodybuilder commonly stayed at the muscles house and was known for playing Hercules, Goliath, Sandokan in Italian-made peplum films?
What stars of "Everybody Loves Raymond" studied acting at The Neighborhood Playhouse School of the Theatre in New York City?
The Children's National Medical Center and the Psychiatric Institute of Washington both care for what age group?
How are Carnegie Mellon University and University of Virginia alike?
When was the founder of a hedge fund in 1996 notable for short selling Lehman born?
What is the oldest section from where Robert Hay was born?
How many times did the murder victim of an heir to the Du Pont family fortune win Olympic Medals?
Have both Dariush Mehrjui and David Gordon Green worked as directors?
Does Empire of the Sun or 3 Doors Down have more band members?
Which character is married to the Vision but also the daughter of Magneto?
What is the name of the current party leader that Aasmund Frisak was a politician for?
Of the two fottballer O'Leary brothers, which is the oldest?
Where was the NBA draft that had the Chicago Bulls picking Lari Arthur as the 49th overall pick held?
Did Carlos Saldanha and Phil Joanou both direct films?
Erik Kramer was a starter for the Detroit Lions after injuries sustained by the quarterback who played college ball for what team?
"Stous 31 Dromous" is a song by a recording artist who began his musical career in what year?
Ignacio E. Lozano Jr. was appointed to his position by what 38th President?
How many cultural/linguistic divisions are there in the tribe of which Sacajawea was a member?
The Blue Lacy, official breed of Texas, and Chesapeake Bay Retriever, are both dog breeds developed during which century?
Which Australian rules footballer dubbed Mick Nolan as "The Galloping Gasomete?
Housatonic Congregational Church is located in what county?
Both Ben Foster and The Grey have this country in comman?
Who is the American head football coach for the Arizona Cardinals that has also been a college level coach?
How much money has the company, whose backers includes a co-founder and angel investor in Keyhole, Inc., raised to date?
Who was the writer of the 1970 American romantic drama for which Ali MacGraw received an Academy Award for Best Actress?
What book on Christian existentialism is by what Danish philosopher?
What is the name of the economist that worked alongside physicists Eugene Wigner and John Archibald Wheeler as part of the Princeton Three?
Who starred in the movie that Lee Byeong-heon is known for?
What river is the city that Davor Bernardić was a leader of the SDP branch near?
What person does Wormholes in fiction and Nathan Rosen have in common?
What name is similar in spelling in the Spanish, Croatian, Italian, and Hebrews form?
Are Before Stonewall and Freakonomics both documentaries?
Which television network aired this TV series, that received critical and popular acclaim, frequently being listed as one of the greatest TV shows of all time, in which Ashley Gable starred?
Who attended the same school as Yuen Biao in Shanghai, Shanghai?
What meat is traditionally in the Indonesian variation of Shumai?
Which film director has had the most notable films, Emile Ardolino or Seijun Suzuki?
What is the type of tree described in a diary that was given to Otto Frank?
The television series The Night Manager stars Tom Holland who played the ead role in which sitcom?
What was the setting for the film for which Heather Graham gained critical praise?
Metro Vocal Group is remembered for a music video covering a song made famous by which other Hong Kong-based rock band?
What rank did both Siegfried Westphal and Albert Kesselring achieve in the German armed forces during World War II?
Professional motorcross racer Neil Hudson won the 1981 250cc premier championship organized by what group?
Which of the Nicholas brothers who performed the musical number "Jumpin' Jive" featured in the movie "Stormy Weather" was also a choreographer?
Has Hazen Street had more name changes than D-A-D?
Ernest Gottlieb Sihler was born in what county?
Who was the focus of a major exhibition in 1994 at the museum where Laura Cottingham curated "NowHere," for?
What type of universities are both University of Pittsburgh and Rutgers University?
Which of the serious defeats for the Union came first in the American Civil War: the Battle of Chickamauga or the Battle of Fredericksburg?
Benjamin Wallfisch composed the original score for which movie based on the 1986 Stephen King novel?
Do Stanley Tucci and Michael Anderson have the same nationality?
Are Der Vampyr and Pomone both operas?
"Heat Miser" is a character from which Christmas special based on Phyllis McGinley's 1974 book?
Whose performing act had more members, Marie Fredriksson or Dee Snider?
What do the outcomes of both Baker v. Wade and Bowers v. Harwick have in common?
When was the american reapper feautured by Todd Kreidler in "Holler If Ya Hear Me" born?
Freederm is a UK brand of acne and skin care medication that includes an active ingredient used by mouth to treat what?
Which band formed first, Blue October or Kasabian?
Which subclass of information filtering system was work of John Thomas Riedl?
What trade in common do Debarun Pal and Peter Duffell share?
Which English town is 11 miles south of Manchester and along with Prestbury and Alderley Edge makes up the Cheshire Golden Triangle?
Pigeon Key, Florida is located off an old bridge in which county?
Which races does Katie Ledecky hold records for that Debbie Meyer also won?
What state did the American actor who starred in both Tragedy Girls and Miracle Dogs come from?
Rashied Staggie lived in the second to which most-populous urban area of South Africa?
Daikon and plain rice flour form what Chinese dim sum dish?
Fun and Fancy Free and The Hunchback of Notre Dame were both works from what popular animation and film company?
During his time at Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas, former basketball player Will Flemons was named the SWC Freshman of the Year in what year?
The smallest denomination of the Hong Kong dollar is the one mil coin which has which identifying feature?
What nationality is the basketball player who holds the most points scored during the Nike Hoops Summit game?
Of what origin is the name of the Russian game that inspired Puyo Puyo?
Jonathan Burton founded the parent company of Traveller's Tales in what year?
What Hungarian composer wrote a piece for solo piano which contained Romanian, Arabic, and North African rhythmic influences?
Which French Emperor annulled The Le Chapelier Law in 1864?
Who was the son of British radio and television presenter and historian best known as an analyst of election results?
Who was featured as a guest contribution in "Press Play" and in a leaked sex tape with Rick Salomon?
Songs from the Southern Mountains is the title of a recording by a folk music artist that has won how many Grammy awards?
Grutter v. Bollinger and Martin v. Hunter's Lessee were both settled where?
Who was the director of the 2014 Tollywood romantic comedy produced by Manchu Vishnu which starred a Canadian born actress born in 1981 who was a former pornstar?
What profession does Frank Pierson and István Szabó have in common?
In Mike Tyson vs. Brian Nielsen, who was Danish?
What year did Edburga of Minster-in-Thanet's father die?
What does Countee Cullen and P. G. Wodehouse are famous for writing?
What other country did players from one of the countrys that participated in Group D of UEFA Euro 1996 likely play for in the 1980s?
Who was born first, Hector Berlioz or Gian Carlo Menotti?
Who developed the 2015 video game Rhianna Pratchett worked on?
Which of Adelaide Metro's stations is located at the base of the Mount Lofty Ranges?
Which actor played banker Andy Dufresne in the 1994 drama film The Shawshank Redemption?
What television show did the dancer born on July 16, 1958 appear in?
Which of the actors featured in "Look Who's Talking" became popular in the 1960s and 1970s for playing both dramatic and comedic roles?
What film-making position did both Wilco Melissant and Ilya Naishuller have?
Stranger in My Arms stars an American actork known for his portrayal of airplane pilot Captain Clarence Oveur in what 1980 film?
What profession do both Jacques Doillon and Jeremy Kagan share?
What instruments does the musician from "Sprout and the Bean" play?
Kevin R. Henke has been critical of what research project conducted by the Creation Research Society and the Institute for Creation Research between 1997 and 2005?
The actor that voiced Ernest Hemingway in "Cooper & Hemingway: The True Gen" currently plays what role on "Blue Bloods"?
In what year was the actor who was starred in "The Mating Habits of the Earthbound Human" with Carmen Electra, Lucy Liu, and Mackenzie Astin born?
What two sports were compared in 1994?
Do both Barenaked Ladies and Tones on Tail have band members who are related?
Adrian Carmack is a founder of id Software, along with which other aerospace engineer?
This flight, the first of a reused spacecraft made the pilot of the mission qualified under the rules of the U.S. Air Force and the Fédération Aéronautique Internationale a what?
Who is the father of the 13th president of the University of Oklahoma?
Which music group was active earlier, Massive Attack or Violent Femmes?
Ghost Trio, starring Ronald Pickup was originally going to be titled what?
Are Yakov Protazanov and Garth Jennings of different nationalities?
Chiquitita had lead vocals from the singer who was part of the group which has sold how many albums and singles?
What is one class of speech acts described by J.L. Austin?
The Bathurst Trade Union is located on what continent?
Which musician is the leader singer of the rock band The Charlatans, Eddi Reader or Tim Burgess?
Dartmouth College with its 269 acre campus centered on the Green is located near which river in New Hampshire?
Warren Motte is a professor at which flagship university of the University of Colorado system?
You Can't Run Away from It starred which eight time Academy Award nominee?
The Shadow DN3 was designed by Tony Southgate who was formerly from which British Formula One motor racing team?
Bridge Day commemorates the 1977 completion of which single-span arch bridge?
Who is from Atlanta and has released a joint project with Zaytoven?
What kind of species was Carl Baugh interviewed about in the television special The Mysterious Origins of Man?
What was the 2010 Census population of the city in which the Harvey's Resort Hotel Bombing occurred?
Which president, numerically, signed the Eastern Wilderness Areas act into law?
What year was the man, in which Aaron Pettrey replaced in 2010, drafted?
Tay Garnett and Alexander Kluge both have what job?
What country does Mike Wagner and Long Beach, New York have in common?
When did the shopping mall across Central Avenue from Northway Shopping Center open?
KORL-FM is an American commercial radio station in Honolulu County Hawaii, that had what population as of the 2010 census?
Were The Smiths and Filter formed in the same city?
In addition to Cloud Atlas and the 2016 war drama directed by Vincent Perez, what other film did Stefan Arndt produce?
Are The Freeman and Science News both still in publication?
When was the Australian playwright, screenwriter, and director born who's production was "The Present"?
Which involved more illegal activity, Border or All in This Tea?
Lil Silva and Damon Albarn are both which kind of singers?
When was the American singer which Jon Levine has written and produced songs for born?
What hypothesis about the Proto-Indo-Europeans is contradicted by the hypothesis first developed in 1987 by a British archaeologist?
Alicia Gräfin is best known for her role in a war film directed by who?
Bo Knows Bo is the autobiography of the professional from which two sports?
The Greenskeeper is a 2002 horror film starring a former Major League Baseball relief pitcher born in which year?
Are both Phantom Planet and Spiritualized American Rock bands?
Are Hinduism Today and Star Wars Insider both magazines?
What former Governor of New Zealand proclaimed and named one of the 49 South Australian counties after an early Australian explorer?
How frequent is the male equivalent of this type of bride who lists herself in catalogs and is selected by a man for marriage and that rural Japanese men have begun taking from he Philippines, Sri Lanka, Thailand and other Asian countries in the mid 1980s?
Which English band was formed first, The The or Razorlight?
Who was a defendant that Mayhayley Lancaster defended in the murder of a 13 year old employee?
Which airport is both a public and military airport, Wrangell Airport or Kodiak Airport?
What American actor had film roles in "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion" as well as "The Princess Bride" and the "Haunted Mansion"?
Roaches are traditional male headdresses of Native American tribes featuring the quills of rodentian mammals that have a coat of what?
Both Anisacanthus and Holodiscus are what level of classification?
Juliette and the Licks and PVRIS are both what?
Which band has more founding members, Fuel or Kiwi Time?
Are Bohol Island State University and Wayne State University both public colleges?
Terence P. Jeffrey served as campaign manager for a politican that was the original host of what CNN show?
Where was the actress who starred next to Stuart Whitman in the movie "The Fiercest Heart" raised after World War II?
The 1991 Tampa Bay Buccaneers ended their season with a replacement of their head coach with which proponent of the no-huddle offense?
Are Anaganaga O Dheerudu and The Santa Clause 2 both fantasy films?
David Boris Pall founded a corporation located where?
Who was the dancer at the highest rank at the National Ballet of Canada and American Ballet Theatre?
How many square feet does the mall that beats Merle Hay Mall in terms of size consist of?
Are both International Ultraviolet Explorer and Spitzer Space Telescope a project of NASA?
What are Carmen and Un ballo in maschera?
What record company was the album which included the single "I'll Just Hold On" released with?
What historic site in Macon County was supplied by Lucius B. Northrop?
Which building was constructed first - 1095 Avenue of the Americas or One Vanderbilt Place?
What is the nationality of the creator of Hello Ladies?
Lee Valley White Water Centre was officially opened by the only daughter of what Queen?
Are Cattleya and Leucocoryne of the same genus of flowers?
Robert Knight co-founded a clothing manufacturing company that is headquartered in what city?
Which German 88 mm anti-aircraft and anti-tank artillery was produced by Spreewerk?
Which candidate did Edward Timpson defeat, Laura Smith or Tamsin Dunwoody?
Café Oz Australian Bar features Little Creatures Pale Ale which is named after which band?
What singer had a song reach number ninety-eight on the UK Singles Chart and was featured in a film starring Jeff Bridges and Ryan Reynolds?
The Rucellai Sepulchre was built by an Italian humanist author who epitomised what?
The gun in which the Beretta 93R was derived from was designed in what year?
What band did one of the stars of Hitmaker sing in?
Who was the founder of an animation studio which cooperated with Marvel Animation to created a micro-series based on comics in 2010?
This English writer and social critic who wrote A Christmas Carol is regarded as the greatest novelist of what era?
Which institution is women only: Texas Christian University or Wellesley College?
Dale Cregan was sentenced to life imprisonment for the murder of two police officers. The officers were responding to a report of a what?
Between Donatos Pizza and Extreme Pizza what is the only country to have one of these restaurants besides the United States?
Both Claude Nicollier and Franco Malerba had what occupation?
Who is older, Tom E. Lewis or Fred Schepisi?
Geoffrey Wilder is the father of which Runaways supervillain?
What continent are the genuses Allocasuarina and Acacia mainly native to?
Are Saludos Amigos and Disney's The Kid both live-action films?
Frequent John Woo collaborator and actor Chow Yun-fat joined the cast of which crime thriller to make the sequel in 2016?
What other australian actress stared with Louis Hunter in The War Of the Roses?
What other park does the owner of WhiteWater World operate?
Maquira is a genus of what type of perennial plant with an elongated stem, or trunk, and where most species have supporting branches and leaves?
Between the Cymbidium and the Romulea genus plants, which was described as a genus in 1772?
Which venue leased by Sarah Crocker Conway was the site of a theatre fire in 1876?
Earth Sound Research was located in what New York county?
Who is the mother of both an English television chef and food critic and an English actor who holds both British and Irish citizenship?
Are Thurston Moore and Pharrell Williams both rappers?
Where was aNorth African Arab historian born in 1332 sheltered between 1375-1379?
What type of elevation does Allegheny Front and Appalachian Platea have in common?
Are both Kniphofia and Cabomba genus of flowering plants?
Wong Ka Kui and Hugh Cornwell are both known for what musical talent?
On what piece of equipment was the first part of the In Colour album produced?
Which statue of John Henry Foley's full name is Francis Albert Augustus Charles Emmanuel?
What type of music does the artist who recorded "God Bless the U.S.A." specialize in?
Who came to prominence first, Saul Metzstein or Elem Klimov?
Which game, CirKis or X-COM, had a lineup of six published and two cancelled games?
What do both Andy Partridge and John Mayer do in their bands as well as writing songs and singing?
Basketball player William Roosevelt "Bill" Gaines played for a college team located in what city?
Are Brown University and Ohio Northern University both private universities?
How did the actor who starred in "Saints and Sinners" die?
Who was the star of the movie in which Deirdre Quinn played Miss Texas?
In which sport did Luis Alonso Moran receive a silver medal in the 2006 Central American and Caribbean games?
What film did Kyle Balda work on that was based on a Dr. Seuss book?
Who developed the 2009 game featuring David Dayan Fisher as Xaldin?
The Mathura Herakles is thought to represent Herakles fighting a monster that had impervious what?
What is the name of the terrorist group of which actor Sanjeev Jaiswal portrayed a member in his film debut?
London Buses route 28 begins at a shopping centre located in what part of London?
Are Stephan Pastis and Endurance both based in the comedy fields?
Atom Egoyan received his commercial success in a film directed by who?
Which movement was lead by the poet who is included among those David S. Reynolds is an expert on?
How long did Bobby Bowden coach for the team that represented Florida State University in the 1998 NCAA Division 1 season?
S.T. Dupont sells cigarettes by a manufacturer known for which best selling product?
Which English musician released a fourth studio album entitled Uptown Special?
Gyda of Sweden married the son of who?
Where was the band that Koolade was a part of formed in?
Both Moscow Nights and Vladimir Troshin can call what country their place of origin?
The man of the watch of the 2001 Intercontinental Cup was a footballer of what nationality?
Which University is both a rival to the Baldwin Wallace Yellow jackets and a coeducational, liberal arts college?
In which state did the actor who was born in 1979 and appeared in Table for Three stars grew up?
Which town, with a population of 7,126 according to the 2010 census, includes an unincorporated community of Glendale on the southern shore of Lake Winnipesaukee?
Which Walt Disney Pictures films was released first, "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids", or "Blank Check"?
What company manufactured the plane on which the Doomsday plane was based?
Which of Kim Yeo-jin's movies had overt sexual dialogue?
KAQD is an FM Christian radio station that is owned by a non-profit organization that promotes fundamentalist Christian values, and was founded when?
What was the name of the fan club for the band featuring guitarist Paul Caiafa?
What is the original film in the Trilogy that included an appearance by author Robinne Lee in 2017?
Which head coach's brother was picked fourth overall by the Oakland Raiders in the 2008 NFL Draft?
What role did the actress who played Michael Douglas's daughter in King of California play in the drama "Thirteen"?
Cameron Leslie operates the nightclub Fabric and then opened a 2nd nightclub under what name?
What hip hop artist recorded a studio album that won a Guild of Music Supervisors Award in 2016?
Are The Rentals and Kula Shaker both English bands?
Fiddlin' Doc Roberts played what genre of music that inspired square dancing, clogging, and buck dancing?
According to the 2010 census what was the population of the county in which Wool Market, Mississippi is an unincorporated community?
Finn Andersen, also known as Karrigan, was a founding member of which player owned team?
Which album was shelved after the tour in which Brandon Christopher McCartney participated with 50 Cent?
What weekend are the Dragon Awards annually given out at the Dragon Con in Atlanta?
Which film premiered first, Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life or The Secret of Kells?
Which Hawaiian publishing company published a story of an 18-year old who survived a fall of 400 feet?
What 2016 horror sci-fi Netflix original series features actress Cara Buonco, who played Esther Lesser in the film "Killer: A Journal of Murder"?
Scientific Educational Korea or SEK Studio produced which French science fiction epic whose original version was directed by René Laloux?
What level of power did the Swedish Empire have under Gustavus Adolphus, under his military and diplomatic influence?
What kind of instrument was played by the artist who's music was finally released by Rendezvous music post 2008?
What musical comedy with lyrics by Jeff Lynne did Jesse Nager perform in?
Which is taller, the Empire State Building or the Bank of America Tower?
Did Leoš Janáček and Paul Hindemith have the same nationality?
Who built Laurelton Hall, the home of noted artist Louis Comfort Tiffany?
What nationality do James Dewar from Stone the Crows, and Luca Prodan of Argentine rock band Sumo have in common?
What product from Orval Abbey is also sold in Belgium and the United States?
Who composed the musical that Corey Cott stared in as Donny Novitski?
The restaurant Alinea was awarded three stars from a guide book published every how many years?
The sports commentator who performed play-by-plays for the Showtime broadcaster for a fight known as "The Money Fight" is currently signed as an announcer with which MMA organization?
Where is the company that makes the MP5 firearm primarily located?
What is the approximate capacity of passengers per year of the airport that is considered Condor Flugdienst's main base?
Jones Beach Island is the former home of the nightclub near what park?
This Martin County, Florida city with area code 772 is located on what coast?
How often does the news journal that inducted Thomas Spota into their Power List Hall of Fame publish journals?
Tracy Reiner is known for her role in "A League of Their Own", which was a fictionalized account of which real-life sports league?
What was the name of the first single released by the Australian hard rock band, formed in Sydney in 1973 by brothers Malcolm and Angus Young?
W;hat ancient Greek philosopher died in 322 BC had testimony used in "On The Nature of Man"?
Are either Frank Herbert and Paul Auster Australian?
What genre of music has American musicians Jonathan Davis and Philip Labonte both have in common in the bands they have played in?
Which came first the forming of The Dandy Warhols or the birth of Robert Young?
Does Sal's Pizza or Pie Five have location in the southern United States?
Quantico was produced by the company given its current name on which date?
Who directed The Matrix, The Wachowskis or Carl Theodor Dreyer?
Black Hawk Down is a 2001 war film based ona book by an author that graduated from what university?
Which Russian poet co-authored a song later given new English lyrics to its tune?
Which ran longer Arizona Canal and Allegheny Portage Railroad?
He 2015 BET Hip Ho Awards currently have Kendrick Lamar and what other artist, who released "The Come Up" nominated for 8 awards?
The province that Mariano Moreno bus station is in, along with which other 2 provinces, makes up the Center Region?
Who was a star in the late bloomer and also went by the name of Pawel Tomasz Wasilewski?
This ACMI airline based in Iceland, merged with another airline in 2005, whose main base was where?
The school where John Rickard served as Director of the Graduate School of Management was established in what year?
Which Supreme Court case in the 1940s was related to the protest that the participants of the Civil Rights Movement at The Greyhound Bus Station at 210 South Court Street in Montgomery, Alabama participated in?
Which is from farther south, Incubus or Crash Test Dummies?
What country does Larslan, Montana and Valley County, Montanahave in common?
Who was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the fourth round of the first draft presided over by new NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell?
Peter Brook and David Nixon both have what jjob title in the film industry?
Brothers Jerry and Mark silverman started their clothing and accessories company as a subsidiary of a company that was originally created when?
My Lovely Girl stars which outh Korean singer-songwriter, actor, and music producer born on June 25, 1982?
Which branch of the U.S. military maintains a highly classified remote detachment of a base in the state of Nevada?
In what television show did J.P. Manoux replace a former cast member of "Saturday Night Live"?
What city in Latvia was ceded by the treaty that ended the Second Northern War?
What was the biographical film that was directed by Joe Johnston and starred Chad Lindberg in an acting role?
In what did the band that released "Equally Cursed and Blessed" form?
What protagonist in the thirteenth season of "South Park" has an oft-muffled and indiscernible speech?
Eleni Karinte was the first love Monastir student who was born in what year?
Who is the media and record company that represents Justin Bieber named after?
The "Running Man" is also used in some forms of a rave and club dance that people who dance to it have often been referred to as what?
What number of President was the statesman who founded The Boone and Crockett Club ?
How old was Alan Alda's brother when he died?
Gina McCarthy presided over the dedication ceremony for the Regional Renewable Energy Procurement Project, what was her role with the United States Environmental Protection Agency?
Who founded the company that manufactures Peter Scot whisky?
Our Word Is Our Weapon is a book of writings by the leader of what group?
Raai Laxmi is making her Bollywood debut in the sequel to what 2004 film?
The K2 is capable of firing a rimless bottlenecked intermediate cartridge derived from what cartridge?
Jo & Friends includes work by what other musician, who was once the highest-paid entertainer in the world?
The Director of Snowpiercer's serial murder film takes place in what city?
Who produced the supernatural drama that stars Zoie Palmer?
What was the population of the town as of 2010 from where Carrie Gertrude Stevens came?
Out of which gym did Angela Rivera-Parr's husband fight?
Which Centre did the author of "The Strange Death of Europe" found?
What author inspired American musical fantasy film Willy Wonka & the Chocolate Factory?
What record label is based in New York City and released the album Carnivore?
What year did the film adaptation of 'Hoot' which stared Brie Larson come out?
Whose novel deals with an artist who committed suicide time in Belgium?
What band does Last Rights and Revolution 9 have in common?
The 2013 Bilderberg Conference took place at a hotel with a private park that covers how many acres?
Are Phu Quoc Ridgeback and Mudi both dogs?
William Hughes Miller was born in a city with how many inhabitants?
Colin O'Meara voiced a character in which French-Canadian animated television series?
Who starred as Brian Tanner in the 1990 American sitcom ALF?
Who is older, Adwoa Aboah or Gigi Hadid?
What actress appeared with a character named Dr. Frank-N-Furter in a 1975 film?
Which documentary involved one person, Voices of Iraq or Project Grizzly?
Fiorello Giraud created a roll in an opera that had how many acts?
Which program, In Bad Taste or Life on Earth was released earliest?
Were Lonny and Allure both founded in the 1990s?
Justo Perez Santiago was an abbot of what Monastery that has a memorial in the municipality of San Lorenzo de El Excorial?
Which game is mathematical, Acronymble or Rithmomachy?
Who is older, Cristina Scabbia or Mariqueen Maandig?
Which of the device has the highest number of different functionsAPF Imagination Machine or Unisys ICON?
What American vocalist is famous for co-founding the Bangles and collaborating with Matthew Sweet?
What is the name of the Museum with connections to the daughter of Jacques d'Arc and Isabelle Romée?
What is the name of the parent company of the Hong Kong based container shipping and logistics company?
What country is both Foreign Affairs and Sojourners published in?
Tim McGauley is currently playing for the longest continuously operating member club of the league still playing in what?
Which school was founded first, Kasetsart University or Holy Cross of Davao College?
The actress who was referred to as the "Most Beautiful West African Woman" was a client of a celebrity fashion stylist from which country?
What replaced the ten shilling coin when the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland decimalised their currencies?
Which mine yielded both gold and copper over its life: Meadowbank Gold Mine or McIntyre Mines?
Consider the histical figure portrayed by Adam Beach in "Flags of our Fathers." In what year were they born?
What is the name of this 1998 Japanese psychological horror film directed by Hideo Nakata and also the same name of a trilogy, which included Sleeping Bride?
Did Paul Stanley and Jared Leto share at least one of the same jobs/professional career titles?
Hopscotch starred which American actor who was born on July 6?
Which person has had more occupations, Scott Brick or Stephen J. Cannell?
Where is the amusement park, in which Polka Marina is a merry-go-round, located?
What is the study of the properties of this mechanism which is used by Smart insulin to control the glucose level?
The Electoral district of Auburn is represented by the politician who serves in what post?
WKYI-CD's transmitter is located in a county in Indiana that as of 2012 had a population of what?
Pathmark was started when a member broke away from a retailer's cooperative based in what city?
Between Curve and WomenSports which is aimed directly at lesbians?
The 2007–08 season for Leeds FC started with the manager who was also a former Executive Director at what other club?
Who is the daughter of Steve Irwin and a star in the show Steve Irwin's Wildlife Warriors?
Excursions, Op. 20, is the first published solo piano piece by a composer born in what year?
Shoney's dropped is affiliation with a restaurant whose name, design aesthetic, and menu were previously licensed to who?
Are Philippa Gregory and Alberto Moravia both English?
Which was opened first, Louisville and Portland Canal or Schuylkill Canal?
Do the genuses Eucomis and Hohenbergiopsis belong to the same family?
What former Marshall University graduate played 14 seasons at wide receiver in the National Football League?
Which actors star in the the movie that inspired Karle Pyaar Karle?
What was the name of the German team that featured Robert Garrett and the 7ft power forward from the Dallas Mavericks?
In which country is the professional football club Located With which levi risamasu play until he got transfered to AGOVV apeldoorn?
Who wrote the book The Price of Civilization published in 2011?
Were both groups, The Bolshoi and Kutless, based in the United States?
Charles Everett Lively played an active role in what series of armed labor conflicts in the United States, roughly between 1890 and 1930?
The actor who played Anakin Skywalker in the first "Star Wars" played in a 1996 Christmas family comedy directed by who?
How many nominations for the Saturn Awards did this Scottish actor received for his performance in the film he appeared alongside Caitriona Balfe?
When was the American actress featured in Wide Awake in one of her earliest roles as the main character's teenage sister, Neena born?
Where does the film, that was turned into a novel, take place?
What is the capital of the district where Ada is located?
The client of Roman Grill who is also a television pundit for BT Sport was born in which Canadian city?
Among the events that led to the creation of permanent counter-terrorism forces in major European countries were the Black September Organization was responsible for the massacre of Israeli Olympic team members and the assassination of the prime minister of which country?
What Greek rock performer was a member of The Dots and producer for American hardcore punk band Bad Brains?
Toshiba and Raimund Marasigan both do what for their band that they are in?
Himalchuli and Skil Brum are both what?
Which movie is more artistic, Garfield's Pet Force or Metropia?
What sports show is the woman who hosts a competition show alongside Tom Bergeron a sideline reporter for?
When the winter storm hit Texas Tower 4, what was the 646th Radar Squadron's role?
In which city is the University that Gordon Chiarot attended?
Who appeared in both "The Ace in the Hole" and "The Lion and the Horse"?
What type of nation from Khemri was feautred in the Warhammer Fantasy Tabletop Wargame that was produced by Games Workshop ltd?
Are Julio Cortázar and Edward Abbey both American essayists?
What is the death date of this German composer and musician of the Baroque period, who had a cantana of his recorded by Midori Suzuki?
Which magazine prvides information on nurtrion, Prevention or Bloomberg Businessweek?
Were the films "Holes" and "One Magic Christmas" released in different years?
Did both Stephen P. Mugar and Avie Tevanian work in a high leadership capacity at a large firm?
The Grandma of Lucius Antonius was the elder sister of which Emperor?
Are Lodger and Halestorm both hard rock bands?
"The Hanging Garden" is a song from an album released on which day?
What county is the the headquarters of NeuLion located in?
Which company deals with the highest number of Natural Resources Pioneer Natural Resources or TransDigm Group:?
Robert Rodriguez directed the movie "Planet Terror", which was released as a double feature along with Quentin Tarantino's "Death Proof" under what title?
Which astronaut was born first, Christer Fuglesang or Philippe Perrin?
Who is Bryan Lloyd Danielson's teammate in in WWE professional wrestling's Team Hell No?
What small village is located approximately 2 miles from a village and civil parish in the East Lindsey district of Lincolnshire, England?
What company was headed by Johnny Adair and had Alan McCullough serve as military commander?
Which fashion trend are the stars of "The Simple Life" known for wearing?
What relationship does Stevie Mann have to an Irish singer-songwriter born in 1973?
Which album by American jazz trumpeter Kenny Dorham, features songs from the musical that includes "Ol' Man River", "Make Believe", and "Can't Help Lovin' Dat Man"?
Are Moby and Pierre Bouvier both American musicians?
The singer who released the single "Treat Me Like Fire" (2012) was born in what year?
What inhabited island hosts the flowering shrub known as the Osteomeles anthyllidifolia?
Are Philip José Farmer and Raymond Chandler both from the same country?
Who wrote the screen play for the opening night film at the 2013 Deauville American Film Festival?
What were the earliest settlements on the island affected by Hurricane Dot in 1959?
Who was the husband of the actress that co-starred with Dan Hedaya in The Tortellis sitcom?
What fighter nicknamed the Mandingo Warrior was coached by Ann Wolfe?
Heinrich Karl Ludwig de Herault's father was killed at the battle that included which deposed English king?
Which Canadian actress starring in the television series "Andromeda" starred with Steve Austin and Michael Jai White in Tactical Force?
What song features rapper Makonnen Sheran on Carnage's debut album?
Drive Setup allows formatting in what Apple file system?
What is the nickname of the current host of Football Sunday on ESPN Radio?
Which magazine is published in more countried, Womankind or Rabotnitsa?
Which film was produced first, The Monkey's Uncle or The Legend of Lobo?
Which city has a larger population, Wafangdian or Danyang, Jiangsu?
The Chinese film 20 Once Again is a remake of which 2014 South Korean comedy?
What city is the university located that Ungku Abdul Aziz was the Vice-Chancellor of from 1968-1988?
Which film, based on a non-fiction book, did Lindsey Lohan both act and provided songs for the soundtrack?
What was the former name of the sponsor of the 1987 Daily Mirror Greyhound Derby?
Which principality did the man, after which Ranier III Nautical Stadium is named, rule?
What is the population of the community where Safe House Records is located?
Which is a prefecture-level city, Shulan or Zunyi?
The Nose is Shostakovich's first opera, based on a story of the same name by a Russian dramatist of what origin?
What river is near the Crichton Collegiate Church?
When was the American fraudster and a former stockbroker born who had the largest fraud exposure to Fairfield Greenwich Group?
Juan Carlos Moreno Rojo plays for a team that plays in which league?
In regards to the Mexican American country music artist who signed with Columbia Nashville in 1993, what was his only number one single on the Billboard Hot Country Singles & Tracks chart?
What area of mathematics did both Lev Schnirelmann and Yuri Linnik work on?
What American Wrestling Association wrestler was known by his ring name "The Fish"?
What heavyweight world champion boxer appeared on Le Noche del 10?
Where is the Wish Way found in the twentieth book of the Oz series?
What year was the British TV show that featured an English actor, singer, and model, released?
Space is an album by American jazz group the Modern Jazz Quartet released on a label founded in what year?
What region serviced by WHNS had a population of 1,409,582 as of 2014?
What Canadian businessman has a net worth of over four billion dollars and chairs a company that operates Rexall pharmacies?
Between Rod Evans and Robin Zander, which musician has broader experience with musical instruments?
The Talisman Ring is a historical romance novel set in an era where all kings had wht name?
Dwayne Provo is what to Evander Kane?
Interstate 80 crosses San Francisco at an edifice that carries how many vehicles?
Which of the actor starred in The Killing of a Chinese Bookie died on February 3, 2012?
The 2012-13 Boston Celtics season marked the end of a player's era in Boston that also won what honor in 1995?
The song that Wild Man Blues is named after has been attributed to the trumpeter nicknamed Satchmo and who else?
Where was the star of Ken Annakin's 1956 British comedy born?
Between Ben Folds Five and Ra Ra Riot, which band has more members?
Where did one of the advocates of the cobordism hypothesis teach mathematics?
The book Medicine River was adapted into a movie that starred what Canadian-born Metis actor and singer who was the Chancellor of Trent University from 2009 until 2013?
James Paris Lee is best known for investing the Lee-Metford rifle and another rifle often referred to by what acronymn?
Which composer worked closely with both Joseph Sonnleithner and Luigi Cherubini both in personal and professional capacities?
What are "Firewater" Ecuadorian rums made from?
Which brother of José Treviño Morales was born on 18 November 1970?
Are both John F. Kennedy International Airport and Sioux Gateway Airport located in North America?
Which worldwide one-percenter motorcycle club was Sonny Barger a founding member of in Oakland, California?
Are the University of Alaska Fairbanks and University of Lahore located in different continents?
Who was born first Bruno Mattei or Hisham Zreiq?
Who manages the Vancouver shopping mall to which CHDL provides heat?
Klaus J. Behrendt starred in a police series which was developed by whom?
When was the author of the novel about fictional astronauts John Mason and Larry Carter born?
Who was the English songwriter Quincy Jones and Lionel Richie teamed up with to write a song for the move The Color Purple?
What county is Mississippi Valley State University located in?
In 1932, Stanley Woods run a famous race with an average speed of 77.16 mi/h that was watched by what man who was the fourth son of George V?
Who plays the other star role alongside Meg Ryan in Joe Versus the Volcano?
Where is the club that Berk İsmail Ünsal plays for based?
Brent Michael Davids is a member of a tribe of people who originally settled in what valley?
The Infinix Note 3 was produced by a company with a similar name, based in this territory near China.?
In Irish and Scottish mythology, Uathach was the daughter of a warrior woman associated with which Isle?
How tall is Robert "Bob" Schrijber's most famous student?
The duo who created "The Bedsit Tapes" came to prominence in what decade?
I-90 crosses the Continental Divide over a mountain pass that sits on the border between which two counties?
What city has a population approaching 21,000 and had a peaceful protest against corporate greed?
Allan Reginald McEvey was the Curator of Ornithology at which cultural history museum?
What is the formal name of the university from which Jole Bovio Marconi graduated?
Michael Abu Sakara Foster is the candidate from the party based on the ideas of which first President of Ghana?
Are Return to Never Land and Fun and Fancy Free both live-action animated features?
Who is older, Dick Harris or Stockwell Day?
Which South Korean mid-size car is one of the Nissan Altima's largest competitors?
Name an award that was given to one of the singers of the film Young Malang who belongs to the Patiala Gharana lineage.?
What is the population (as of 2016) of Adam Dale's hometown?
What genre does Katherine Pulaski and Professor Moriarty have in common?
Which long-serving Australian politician and Attorney-General stepped down from his seat at Berowra in 2016, after endorsing Julian Leeser as his successor?
Were the films Escape to Witch Mountain and The Barefoot Executive both produced by Walt Disney Productions?
Who did Carolina Panther play against that led to the nickname No Fly Zone?
Who directed the 2013 South Korean spy action thriller film which Ha Jung-woo showcased his versatility on?
Which project will create more buildings, One Manhattan Square or 80 Flatbush?
Ravenscroft lies on a plateau that goes through which US states?
Pokémon and Pokémon Tetris are a series of video games developed by whom?
Phyllis Dalton did work on a 1993 British romantic film based on whose work?
Which opened first The Mills at Jersey Gardens or Woodbury Common Premium Outlets?
What novel was published in seven parts between 1913 and 1927 and was adapted into a musical that ran Off-Broadway in 2003?
Are Li Na and Matt Lucena both American tennis players?
Petters Group Worldwide had assents in an airline headquartered in what Minnesota town?
Who helped more to define literary journalism, Buckminster Fuller or Gay Talese?
Are Nangpai Gosum and Noshaq in the same mountain range?
Of Adnan Akmal and Kamran Akmal, what is the birthdate of the older person?
Who was Christopher Carlson that lived at Chase Ranch?
Which is a genus of palms, Zinnia or Butia?
What British tennis player from Scotland became the first player since Andre Agassi to successfully defend the 2010 Rogers Cup – Men's Singles?
Who was the actor who founded the Praja Rajyam Party who made their debut in the 1978 film Punadhirallu?
When was the rapper who made '97 Bonnie & Clyde" born?
Adina Howard sung a song written by which American singer-songwriter nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2004?
Jacqueline Gareau was awarded the victory at the 1980 Boston Marathon when which Cuban-American runner was disqualified?
Who is this English professional footballer for Manchester United and the England national team, who won the Premier League, FA Cup, UEFA Champions League, League Cup, UEFA Europa League and FIFA Club World Cup?
What type of movie does The Living Desert and The Saved have in common?
How far is the city that the Texas Legends are in from Dallas/ Fort Worth International Airport?
Which of the following is known for directing "Die Another Day": Lee Tamahori or Terry Zwigoff?
Between YINSH and Mikado, which game is older?
Who was the third member of the trio that "The Professor" a part of on the Atlanta Braves with John Smoltz?
Where is the lab that is connected to artists by the Human Digital Orchestra located?
In which year was the first of the vampire-themed fantasy romance novels for which The Twilight Saga: The Official Illustrated Guide serves as a spin-off encyclopedic reference book first published?
Ninja Tuna is the fourth studio album by a DJ born in which year?
Are Cane Corso and Huntaway both European dog breeds?
Ogre is based on a tabletop game by a designer of what ethnicity?
What is the name of the well-known American fur trader and politician during Minnesota's territorial era and the Civil War?
Where was Royal Military Academy and Royal Air Force College based?
Gospel Greats is a compilation album of the singer who sings in what genre?
Willem Frederik count of Bylandt commanded a Belgian-Dutch infantry brigade in a battle that took place on what date?
When is the American actor who was the son of Margaret Pellegrini born?
Are both Modesto City–County Airport and St. Mary's Airport located in the United States?
Jeanette MacDonald and Maurice Chevalier famously made many films in the 1930s. In which one did she play a princess?
How many novels did Cecelia Ahern write before "Where Rainbows End," a book made adapted into the movie "Love, Rosie"?
What does Rush Limbaugh do as his occupation?
The Swiss agribusiness that owns the Minnesota Northrup-King seed company was formed in 2000 by a merger of Zeneca and which other corporation?
Jocelyn Moorhouse directed the 1997 drama film starring which actor?
What is a sequel to a movie with Drake Bell based on "The Fairly OddParents"?
Which High School stadium was built as part of a series of federal programs, in response to the Great Depression?
What British philosopher, logician, mathematician, historian, writer, social critic, political activist and Nobel laureate was featured in the English literary periodical called "Everyman"?
What type of school was named after a professor that fostered the development of alternating current that made possible the expansion of the electric power industry in the US?
What football team represented the University of Oklahoma and was featured as #11 (BCS ranked) on the The 80th annual Sugar Bowl?
Are Bidens and Browningia both types of barbed plants?
In what War was Prince Christoph of Hesse accidentally killed?
The eight part British television series "Rhodes" is based on the life of a man who was Prime Minister of what then-British colony?
Who is the producer of a 1987 film that was loosely adapted by the Indian Hindi romantic comedy "Ek Ladka Ek Ladki"?
What is the name of the rapper known as iLoveMakonnen known for his song "Tuesday"?
What is Mikael Blomkvist's profession in "The Girl in the Spider's Web"?
What is the year of the birth of the male English actor and presenter who was featured in the third and final series of the Springheel Saga, "The Secret Of Springheel'd Jack"?
Where is the monument of an American five-star general and Field Marshal of the Philippine Army located?
Aldrich Ames is serving a life sentence at which prison for male inmates in Indiana?
Ulrich Wegener was a founding member of a counter-terrorist force that is a tactical unit of what police force?
What FA Trophy final was the 44th final where Grimsby Town was beaten?
Did Sacha Guitry and Alexander Mackendrick ever star in a play together?
The person named NBA Finals MVP for the second time in the 1986 NBA Playoffs retired as a player for what team?
Lyon Creek is found in the Kansas county with a 2010 population of what?
What top prospect born in 1992 was introduced the same day as the official team mascot of Major League Baseball's Chicago Cubs?
Gulfstream International Airlines later became a regional carrier based out of what airport?
Who is the retired professional basketball player and businessman who came out of his retirement and returned to play for the Blazers?
What actor from "The Sopranos" also starred in an action film with Jet Li and Aaliyah?
An American National Park located in the U.S. state of Hawaii is home to one of the world's most active volcanoes, and lets visitors explore what site?
Did both Porno for Pyros and Pupil have four members?
What is the name of the band that sang Numb during their 1992 to 1993 Zoo TV concert tour?
The NASA space radiation Laboratory and the National Weather Service weather forecast office are both located in what part of New York?
Development of Substitute Materials was otherwise known as?
What novel did an author who was featured in the Voices of Ghana and later became a journalist write?
The G. Heileman Brewing Company was acquired by Pabst Brewing Company through the purchase of what company?
What was the score of the National Football League (NFL)'s champion Green Bay Packers first overall Super Bowl victory since the Orange Bowl?
Trent Cotchin was a player in the sport that plays on what shaped field?
What movie starring Dev Patel was based on an Austalian novel?
Jane's WWII Fighters is a game that includes the third most successful fighter ace in history, who attained what rank?
Which author has won a Nobel Prize for Literature, Peter Carey or José Echegaray?
"Pour It Up," a song by Rihanna, was featured on an album that was released in what month?
Who were the members of the band that performed the song "Junior's Farm"?
Does Nicolas Mahut or Elena Bovina have the highest career singles world ranking?
Which of these Egyptians was a real person, Nefermaat or Bastet?
In what year did the Majority Leader who appointed Nancy Erickson retire?
Kansas State University and The University of Debrecen are continents apart but share what historical title based on there immediate geography?
Snow White Grotto and Cinderella Castle are both attractions at which Disneyland?
The Old Post Office Block is situated between the stage production venue at 76-96 Hanover Street and which other building?
What was the first name of the person who recorded the size of the Brigantia territory in the 2nd century AD?
Q: Whivh Italian-Austrailian man born on August 6, 1955 was known as a close associate of ALphonse Gangitano?
What occurred first, the Battle of Stadtlohn or the birth of Johann Tserclaes?
Taxi 4 is a 2007 French comedy film that featured which French footballer who plays for Swiss club Yverdon?
Where is the mosque where De'Montmorency College of Dentistry: is situated next to located?
What kind of imitation does Let Your Dim Light Shine and "Weird Al" Yankovic have in common?
The 99th Range Group is an inactive United States Air Force (USAF) unit that was responsible for military training area that includes what?
Honor the Earth participated in protests about land near what reservation?
The Phelps-A-Thon was a pro-LGBT group that counteracted the message of Fred Phelps, an American Baptist minister. He believed the deaths of homosexuals was the result of God's hatred of America's what?
What chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee inspired songs on the studio album Social Studies?
George Drouillard was an interpreter in an expedition which also utilized a specially-established unit of which United States miltary branch?
What artist has sold over 100 million records worldwide and also created an album that included "Every picture tells a story"?
The person Canteen Boy has said in passing that he very much admires appeared on the covers of what magazines?
Empire Honorary Awards are designated by the magazine published by which company?
Considering the Porsche 928 and Porsche Cayenne. Which of the two vehicles was exclusively manufactured before the 21st century?
Are Ceratophyllum and Saguaro both plant genus?
ESL Music was founded by Rob Garza and what American heir, hotelier, and philanthropist?
Can the Primula and Goldenrod genera both be found in South America?
Argyll's Rising was to overthrow what king who was the last Roman Catholic monarch of England, Scotland, and Ireland?
"Starry Eyed Surprise" is a song featuring vocals by an American music artist who is the front man of what kind of band?
Al Franken's 2008 United States Senate election opponent had previously been a member of which political party before becoming a Republican?
1889–90 Burnley F.C. season had success in what football knockout tournament involving teams from Lancashire, England?
Which female film director's career spanned more than one film era, Dorothy Arzner or Gurinder Chadha?
Which George W. Bush cabinet member did Paul Conway once serve under?
How long was the original flight being commemorated by the Daily Mail Trans-Atlantic Air Race?
King Neptune was used to raise money for what escorts for "Essex"-class aircraft carriers?
Which visual art movement involved the director of experimental films starring John Cale?
Did George Pell first sexually assault a 12 year old boy at a youth camp or become ordained?
The former Vice-President of the Executive Council in the Second Rudd Ministry established an initiative to raise the profile of Australian wine to the world at what location in 2009?
What is the release date of the song, by the female artist who studied at CAP21 through New York University's Tisch School of the Arts, that contains a few lines in French?
Who is the father of the author whose autobiography is titled "Stranger Than Fiction"?
Which was built first, the Theodosius Cistern or the German Fountain?
Were Michael Herr and Joseph Brodsky known for their writing?
Which film is a sequel, The Fox and the Hound or Return to Never Land?
Shelley Hennig starred in the 2014 American supernatural horror film directed by whom?
What 2012 award was won by the writer of the "Smile" episode of the "Doctor Who" television series?
Where is the online company founded in 1999 by Nick Swinmurn based?
What what the original, Japanese title of the sequel to the video game "Iron Tank", released on the Nintendo Entertainment System?
American Whig party politician John Van Dyke died near the confluence of which two rivers?
In what year was the school whose college music ensemble was the first to conduct a tour abroad founded?
Since 2009, the Toyota FJ Cruiser has shared many structural underpinnings with what Toyota platform?
How many records were sold by a male star of the 1962 film version of State Fair?
Which supreme court ruling contained references to more individual rights, In re Gault or United States v. Jones?
What color is Cyclopentadienyl nickel nitrosyl?
What type of casino was first established in 1994, which now hosts poker making as much as 2.4 billion worldwide?
The county in which Sun River Montana is located is ranked as the what most populous county in Montana?
Which artist has Bob Rosa produced for that rose to fame with the release of "Vision of Love"?
Which film's promotional single "Defenders of Anarchy" was recorded by british all-female pop group GIrls Aloud?
Marcin Gortat was a second-round draft choice of the Phoenix Suns in in draft that where how many players had filed as early-entry candidates?
Who is a considered a better tennis player, Martina Navratilova or Jack Sock?
Are both Cars 2 and Prom animated films?
Is the 50 West Street tower shorter than the Trump Palace Condominiums?
John Sackville had a role in what mystery television series on Nickelodeon?
What is the date of birth of the host of NME Awards 2012?
Who had a better single career ranking, Rohan Bopanna or Jim Grabb?
Which is farther west, Monterey Regional Airport or Fort Lauderdale–Hollywood International Airport?
The Book of Life stars the voices of which American actor and voice actor born on April 13, 1950?
What Rihanna song appears on Now THat's What I Call Music! 34?
Which Soviet mathematician was born first Nikolay Bogolyubov or Israel Gelfand?
Which city is ranked as the ninth-largest city in Maxico and also the city of The Museum of Steel?
Where did a Dream High actor begin to study broadcasting in 2009?
In 1017 Gervonta Davis was ranked as the world's sixth best boxer in the division by what magazine owned by Golden Boy Enterprises?
Which dog breed has a number of different varieties, the Harrier or the Schweizerischer Niederlaufhund?
What is the birthdate of this American actor, director, screenwriter and producer best known for A Christmas Story and director of Black Christmas?
What is the name of the neighbor in the surburban neighborhood in South Jersey where the show Adult Swim show Aqua Teen Hunger Force is based who has alot of non-canon deaths?
The company that took over Robert William Hudson's business was founded in what year?
Are the Sabueso Español and Galgo Español suitable dogs for domestic pets?
What is the name of the former infielder who played for the team later called the Washington Nationals?
Do both the University of Minnesota and Georgetown University have multiple campuses?
Which has more campuses, Williams College and University of Colorado?
What company issued the 2 Chainz album that includes the song "It's a Vibe"?
The song "Living Better Now" is by Eric Marlon Bishop also know as who?
True Confessions was a film that was based on the murder case that occurred in what city?
Founder, Chairman and CEO of SBE Entertainment group, Sam Nazarian is involved in a partnership with what organizer of major dance music festivals?
Which American actress, producer, director, and former child model born in 1979 does the 2016 American supernatural horror film The Darkness star?
Lyrnessus had a wife who later became a prize of which Greek hero?
Before We Ruled The Earth featured what kind of cat?
Where did Panathinaikos F.C.'s new coach work before?
Which Swedish author and teacher wrote the 1912 novel Thy Soul Shall Bear Witness!?
Are both Matty Mullins and Andy Kuntz.from the same country?
Worker: What are Marsh v. Chambers and Planned Parenthood v. Casey known for being?
What is the birthyear of the American composer that borrowed from "Second Connecticut" on four occasions and combined American popular and church-music traditions with European art music?
Callionymus oxycephalus is a species of dragonet endemic to a seawater inlet of which ocean?
The Dunes hotel, designed by Maxwell Starkman and directed by Jerome D. Mack, was closed down in what year?
Which hospital Children's National Medical Center or George Washington University Hospital has more beds?
Dany “Dany Boy” Kane worked for the Royal Canadian Mounted Police (RCMP) as an informant inside which worldwide one-percenter motorcycle club whose members typically ride Harley-Davidson motorcycles?
What nationality is the second place winner of the 2001–02 FIS Ski Jumping World Cup?
Ateletico De Kolkata plays in a league that has how many teams?
Are Li Yang and Mark Robson both Chinese directors?
Which English singer, songwriter, and actress known for her retro and eccenctric style recorded "Trouble with My Baby"?
In 1933, Mott's introduced a product that is consumed in the same manner as Tab Energy. What product was it?
Division is the fourth studio album by what American alternative metal band that was formed in 1999 in Knoxville, Tennessee?
Scott Van Pelt served as the co-host of "SVP & Russillo" alongside a journalist born in which US state?
Sturmgeschütz III was built on the chassis of a tank developed in Germany in what decade?
Are The 11th Hour and Calle 54 the same genre of film?
Are the Salt River Project and North Shore Channel located in the same city?
When was the Liberian President born who tried to eliminate Roosevelt Johnson?
Whick track is included in Alexandra Burke's Chridtmas Gift EP?
Who founded a fast food restaurant and also won a Heisman Trophy?
Actor, commentator and lawyer David Otunga starred in 2013 thriller The Call. What was his previous career?
What genre does Telemark and Quickstep have in common?
Who was drafted into the 2009 NFL Draft, during the he seventy-fourth annual meeting of National Football League (NFL)?
Jimmy Mordecai was in the cast of "Cotton Land" that performed at The Cotton Club which was located in what city?
Frederick Hibbard graduated from which public land-grant university?
Exeter, birthplace of Henry Sanders, is located in which county in England?
What is the birth name of the singer who inspired Julie Mintz and is more commonly known as Lana Del Rey?
What instrument did the famous English musician born in the historic county of Northern England and the largest in the United Kingdom play?
The AV Idol named Chihiro Hasegawa is most commonly associated with which industry?
Both Patrik Sjöberg and Javier Sotomayor participate in which sport?
When was the American composer whose work was contained in "Spirit of the American Range" born?
Which horror film was based on a creature sighted around mid 1976 in Cornwall, England?
What were the people called in Warren County, Ohio that were known for their simple living and furniture?
The Woman's Bible author presented what at the Seneca Falls Convention in 1848?
Which game can have more players: Quarto or Risk?
When was the American-born former Japanese pop singer born who was debuted in February 2003 and also a belongs to the category of "Dekichatta kekkon"?
Which creative outlet was enjoyed by both Mary Doria Russell and T. E. Lawrence?
The Olympus E-450 is a DSLR camera made by Olympus Corporation, which is headquartered in which city?
Are both Olenka and the Autumn Lovers and Empire of the Sun in the music industry?
What ride at Disney was inspired by an old TV show and also inspired a made for TV movie on the Disney channel?
The Australian food spread developed by Cyril Percy Callister is considered an acquired taste based on what sense?
The Chief Secretary to the Treasury is also a member of what political party?
"Sal de Mi Piel" is a song by a woman originally of what nationality?
Which industry did Leopoldo Torre Nilsson and Mark Sandrich both work in?
The Tri-State district includes the Superfund site in what Oklahoma cities?
Kevin Daniels had a part in the 2004 American drama directed by whom?
Who is older, Aleksandr Danilovich Aleksandrov or Anatoly Fomenko?
Who had more occupations, Lewis Mumford or William Carlos Williams?
What is the name of a festive song with a dance-like character about Mary's happiness?
When was the Australian screenwriter, producer, director and actor born who screenplay the Saw III?
Which main character from a DC Retroactive comic posess the ability to think very fast?
How many acts are there in this play in which Joan Collins made her stage debut?
Which reserve military force, composed of National Guard military members has Operation Phalanx as program?
Besides a Pilsner how would one describe the beer served at the brewery range today?
Which song on MTV Unplugged 1993 live album was originally written by Bruce Springsteen and Patti Smith in 1978?
The football club FC Nürnberg is loaning Lucas Hufnagel from is based in what city?
Are Depeche Mode and Creed from the same country?
Which American fantasy author wrote Night Huntress?
What state is HInds County in where one of the oldest houses was built in 1839?
Although Martin Stellman wrote Quadrophenia, who performed it?
Were Hollywood directors Mike Figgis and Mick Jackson both originally from England?
"Motherland" and "The Life of Birds" are both examples are which type of film?
Who is older, Butch Carter or Cris Carter?
The band Antix released an EP in 1984 that was produced by Don Dokken and Jeff Pilson, who are best known for being members of what band?
An American amateur parachute jumper who reached 123,500 feet with his strato jump, had his record beaten by an Austrian skydiver who is best known for jumping to Earth from a helium balloon on what date?
Are Taksim Gezi Park and Adam Mickiewicz Museum, Istanbul the same type of attraction?
What medication sold under the name Adrucil uses the phenomenon of Thymineless death?
Which attraction located at Disneyland inspired Players to compete in races in, Walt Disney World Quest: Magical Racing Tour?
Firehouse, Hook & Ladder Company 8 is located in the neighborhood which is a syllabic abbreviation from which saying?
Nusretiye Mosque and Eski Imaret Mosque are both in which city?
Which university is located in San Antonio, Texas- Carnegie Mellon University or Trinity University?
The football club Tomás Conechny plays for is based in what Buenos Aires district?
Are the bands Ultravox and The Mekons both British?
Costas Menegakis is a member of a political party colloquially known by what name?
What language other than English is heard in a Beatles song that was released as the A-side of their eleventh album?
During what was did William W. Morris serve in charge of the place that would go on to become a designated National Park in 1925, and a "National Monument and Historic Shrine" in 1939?
From which US state is the sonic experimental heavy metal band featuring bassist Ryan Martinie?
Geordie Shore is the British version of the American program that premiered on what date?
Who was the director of the 2016 American superhero science fiction-action film in which the actor, who played Aiden in the film "Teen Spirit", starred?
What daughter of an English actress and a French singer/songwriter appeared in the film Nymphomaniac?
What is the official language in the country where Doris Neuner was born?
In which city was the American rock band who released the song "Graduate" formed?
Which of these is in the mustard family, Pachystachys or Matthiola?
The Most Hated Woman in America included the character who was the founder of what organization?
Which genus is known for a plant called four o'clock, Mirabilis or Leucojum?
Which site in Istanbul is more important to the population culturally between Abdi İpekçi Arena and Galatasaray Museum?
The Boar's Nest is the local restaurant and tavern in an American action-comedy television series that aired for how many seasons?
Which magazine published more issues each year, Moving Pictures or The Chronicle of Philanthropy?
Thomas Ferebee was the bombardier aboard a B-29 named for who?
What is the co-founder of The Alliance for Lupus Research currently serving as?
Do a Black Russian and Vesper both include vodka?
In which island the RCC Broadcasting Company broadcasts?
Did both Joe Orton and Damon Runyon work toward advancement of literacy?
What date did the CBC show starring Lauren Barwick debut?
What is another name for a Garryowen, the kick John Peard is famous for?
During the 1994–95 Dallas Stars season, the all-time goal-scoring and points leader among American-born players, missed how many games?
What job do David Nixon and Lisa Cholodenko have in common?
What number largest country in population is the country Ellispet is in?
The Railroad Museum of Long Island has a satellite location located in a village with what population as of the 2010 census?
David-Zvi Pinkas was an activist who supported which group of people?
What is the occupation of Robi Reed and Theodore Witcher?
What roles did Anders Fridén and Raimund Marasigan have in common in their respective bands?
Are Tolpis and Nigella both types of annual plants?
Were Sheila on 7 and Hurts both founded before 2000?
What opera company has its permanent home as he Staatsoper Unter den Linden and had Franz Betz as an opera singer in the 1800's?
The Pervert's Guide to Ideology explores a 1987 British-American war film that was directed and produced by who?
Where is the language spoken by The Sán Dìu typically spoken?
Who were the parents of the titan who Two ships in the royal navy are named after?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Dan Masterson or Lionel Trilling?
What company currently produces the plane designated AT-6?
The Sailing to Philadelphia Tour was performed by which British singer and record producer?
Which is longer, the Raccoon River Valley Trail or the American Discovery Trail?
Who was born in Nagasaki, Japan and wrote the novel upon which The Remains of the Day, the musical, was based?
Which is located in Liaonong province, Diaobingshan or Gaobeidian?
Does Remy Zero have more members than Skunk Anansie?
What college did Eric Kumerow's nephew, Joey Bosa, play for?
What is the cup series' name of the tournament who follows that other tournament that was founded in 1953?
Which Spokane actor writes about his Indigenous American ancestry and wrote the screenplay for a 1998 film direct by Chris Eyre?
Marysville, Kansas is know to be the birth place of what type of star?
What is the unicameral parliament partly responsible for?
Who was the writer of the musical for which Edwin Gagiano received his Best Actor Award for the role of Alf Bueller?
When was a British television drama series starring David Oakes first broadcast in the United States.?
Red Voodoo had a song that was a vehicle for the sales of items from the nightclub and restaurant located in which city?
Who starred in the film that opened the 48th annual Berlin International Film Festival?
Which writer was born second, Ramón del Valle-Inclán or Allegra Goodman?
What kind of area does Canaveral Barge Canal and Celilo Canal have in common?
Is Appleton International Airport or Lihue Airport further north?
What is the length, from its northwestern to its southeastern end, of the country represented by Liza Helder in the 2012 Miss Universe pageant?
Are both Rizhao and Linhai in China?
Who is the brother of an English comedian in Murder in Successville?
Who is Paul Reiser’s mother-in-law on the show Mad About You?
Which college has more campuses, Northwestern University or Grinnell College?
Who is younger, Bernhard Wicki or Lloyd Kaufman?
Which member of the crime drama television series "Fargo" played Bilbo Baggins in Peter Jackson's "The Hobbit"?
What was the estimated population in 2015 of the city in which Anya Beyersdorf was born?
What is the largest university press in the world that published Oxford Companions?
How many Grammy Awards have been won by the singer of "Anotherloverholenyohead"?
In what year was Casa Valentina's author inducted into the American Theater Hall of Fame?
What school did the British sports businessman, who attempted to ban the British athlete who has the fourth fastest time by a British sprinter, go to?
How many cadets nationwide are enrolled in the Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps, which one brigade is based out of Great Lakes Naval Training Center in Illinois?
The Uncluded was a folk rap group formed by which half of The Moldy Peaches?
Geoffrey Oryema was smuggled across the Ugandan border in the trunk of a car during the reign of a political leader who was president of Uganda between which years?
Which is the taller mountain, Dhaulagiri I, or Sia Kangri?
In which city is Rait Castle, home of Andrew de Rait, situated?
California Tortilla was voted as having the best burritos in both 2009 and 2010 by a magazine founded in what year?
Which is a band from Texas, Gnarls Barkley or Residual Kid?
Around which famous playwright does this theory, written by American Congregational and Unitarian minister, revolve?
Andrew Form produced which 2013 dystopian horror film?
Who recognized the first woman to fly what is now Boeing AV-8B Harrier II in combat's transition from the military to civilian workforce as an example for others to follow?
What is the name of a 2006 animation produced by the company that distributed a 2017 animated film written by Jim Krieg?
Who Done It? was one of how many short-subject films starring The Three Stooges?
Who took the oath of allegiance and was considered to be the Old Pretender?
When does the 2nd attraction based at Hong Kong Disneyland opened?
Which famous musician also became an actor, Eddie Vedder or Peter Noone?
Are The Haunted World of El Superbeasto and The Super Snail Adventure both children's films?
The Daughters of Divine love was founded during a time when war was fought between what two factions?
Which American actor starred in both "The North Star" and "The Best Years of Our Lives"?
How many times longer than an Association football pitch is the stadium in Prague at which the Spartakiads took place?
What category of Shakespearean plays included subjects like the King of England (from 1483-1485)?
The serial drama Bikhra Mera Naseeb, written by Saima Youmkus, made it's debut on what Pakastani television channel, which is owned by Geo Television Network?
Are Shuanghe and Yushu City, Qinghai both county-level cities?
About which famous battle did the author of the book Sea Lord write a nonfiction book?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Barbra Streisand or Alexander Mackendrick?
Both the Pyrenean Mastiff and the Braque d'Auvergne are what?
Where is the university located which inspired Nicole Daedon?
Between Donatos Pizza and Shakey's Pizza, which of the two restaurants has more locations across the United States?
What actor starred in both "Ghostbusters II" and "Honey, I Shrunk the Kids"?
Who edited the 1990 American romantic comedy film directed by Garry Marshall?
The Gay Nigger Association of America trolled the politician who most recently served in what position?
What was the profession of the person who was compared to the stage and motion picture actor, vaudeville performer, American cowboy, humorist, newspaper columnist, and social commentator born in 1879?
Tom Hardy has appeared in three Christopher Nolan films, what actor has as well?
Both David Parks and Troy Aikman are former American football players, who played for the Dallas cowboys?
What is one difference in the mini version of Punto Banco baccarat?
What type of magazine is the magazine published by David J. Pecker that was founded in 1974?
Victoria's Empire is a three-part British travel series by a Comedian and actress whose humour was grounded in everyday life and included references to quintessentially what activities?
What is the format name that Viscosity can work with that was developed by Steve Wilhite?
Which anime won the Japan Academy Prize for Animation of the year in 2010, was produced by Studio Ghibli, and was directed by Hiromasa Yonebayashi?
Who is the female R & B icon that Billie Woodruff directed in the music video "Un-Break My Heart"?
Where is the executive producer of the Home soundtrack from?
Which atmosphere might be enjoyed in a place that serves Jaz Beer?
What is the capital city of libya which Barbary pirates was also based primarily in?
Which year were the animated films Mary and Max and Monsters vs. Aliens released?
Who wrote the 2006 horror film of which "Hillside Cannibals" is a mockbuster?
Frank Coraci and Brian Trenchard-Smith are both known to be what?
Peter Cetera and Maynard James Keenan are both what?
Who starred in Where'd You Go, Bernadette and is the daughter of the producer Donald P. Bellisario?
Home to the Major League Baseball San Francisco Giants, what is the current name of the park where the 2002 San Francisco Bowl took place?
In what city is both the Aon Center and the Trump Tower located in?
What sponsor of the initiative Aman ki Asha was founded in 1939?
Prince Among Slaves and Land of Silence and Darkness are classified as what type of film?
Where was the blues rock band, that performed the song "Gimme All Your Love" on their studio album "Sound & Color", formed?
Which state is home of the Lindner Family Tennis Center and the 7th most populous state in the United States?
In what year was the dancer who replaced Jared Murillo in series 8 of Strictly Come Dancing born?
The Hills Have Thighs was based on the movie The HIlls Have Eyes that was released on what date?
Are the Flat-Coated Retriever and Bruno Jura Hound both natives of Europe?
Which ruler of the Holy Roman Empire is the oldest highschool in Lviv Ukraine based on the order of?
Who created the television series that recently had Brian Sheesley as animation director?
When was the Invasion of Normandy took place?
What governing body oversaw both the Loving v. Virginia and United States v. Curtiss-Wright Export Corp. cases?
What format are both Today's Housewife and McCall's in?
Were the films Amy and 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea directed by the same person?
Andrea Gail and the Perfect Storm have what in common?
The Suzuki Hayabusa motorcycle engine from Japan is the basis for a sportscar produced in England by which company?
Which university has more students California State University, Fullerton or University of Houston?
On what date did the man whom Ving Rhames played in "American Tragedy" die?
What tennis tournament was hosted at a AAA Four Diamond luxury hotel and casino in Paradise, Nevada?
Which episode aired first, Drones or Holy Cornholio?
When was the pianist that had the Born in the Delta born?
Which actor is from France, Jacques Doillon or Robert Redford?
What region is this city where Majorie Castle is located the capital of?
How many Golden Globe awards did the actor who was dubbed by Claus Biederstaedt win?
What does the ride, Shipwreck Rapids operating at SeaWorld San Diego, simulate?
Hastings is most famous for this battle which was fought in which month of 1066?
The politician who is the U.S. Representative for Virginia's 9th congressional district and is a member of what is also known as the House Freedom Caucas is a member of which political party?
The Filipino theme park known as EK features the Space Shuttle which is what kind of ride?
Which airport's main aircraft and maintainence base was a public airport six miles west of Downtown Tampa?
Who are the naming rights sponsor for the home stadium of the team Jim Curtin coaches?
Are Marcelo Melo and Lukáš Dlouhý from the same country?
What was the name of the character played by the Irish actress known for her role as Cruella De Vil in the feature-length ITV police procedural Trial & Retribution?
What is the uncommon name for the Chicago tower for which Jaros, Baum, & Bolles is best known?
Sunny Side of Life focuses on one of the most notable acts in what genre of music?
Oasys Mobile develops games for a former Dominican-American baseball player under which brand name?
2016 included the released of the farming simulation RPG published by which company?
Which film did Charles Leavitt write that had Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Connelly and Djimon Hounsou as part of the cast?
What is the country of the school that Joseph Otsiman studied Science in?
What is the elevation of the location where Kosciusko Chalet is located?
The person who replaced Natalia Bestemianova on "The Ice Panel" was born on what date?
Which Big East champion began his NBA career with the Celtics in 2007?
What was the meaning of the name of the man who appointed Amashsai?
What was the army rank of Mildred Gale's grandson?
Which out of the Ward 8 and Hanky-Panky cocktail recipes was devised in Boston?
Tom Baehr-Jones the physicist who had his findings published in Nature Materials, was launched in what year?
What nationality is the artist behind "Romance in the Night"?
Along which creek is the prehistoric effigy mound that William F Romain led a investigative team of archaeologists into in 2011 located?
Which country that was host of two world cups, the first one in the 1930s, hosted this world cup in which Khalid Al Temawi played?
What Valencia CF central midfielder scored 12 goals in the 2014-15 Valencia CF season?
Although his spot is now filled on the "RuPaul Drag Race" televisionshow,what other relaity tv has this designer and television personality been seen in?
Bill Stoneham created a painting that was posted for sale on eBay in what year?
Who was a brigadier in the air force, Léopold Eyharts or Hans Schlegel?
Are the films Amy and The Love Bug produced by the same company?
What is the "universe" featuring 25 playable characters in the first-person shooter video game "overwatch", published by Blizzard Entertainment?
Who won more Grand Slam singles and doubles titles in their tennis career, Jim Pugh or Iva Majoli?
Which colony's first governing document was covered in the 2001 historical program broadcast by C-SPAN?
As a co-founder of what did the Irish-American businessman who helped establish The Queensland Brain Institute make his fortune?
What is the Nationality of the musician who added electronic effects to "Bonzo's Montreux", a drum solo by Led Zeppelin drummer John Bonham?
What is one sort of ocation where a species belonging to the superfamily Muroidea can live?
Junk Mail was a book by the English novelist who is of what nationality?
How many acres is the international Disneyland which is one of two places to have the Splash Mountain ride?
Are Gaoyou and Arxan both located in China?
The highway through the Ridge and Valley Province ends at interchange?
What year was the Afrocentric theme film "the Brother from Another Planet" released?
Did the Battle of Peleliu or the Seven Days Battles last longer?
Burying the Ex is a comedy horror film starring an American actress known for playing Alice Cullen in the film adaptations of what novels?
Dame Ann Parker Bowles was the former mother in law of Camilla Rosemary Shand through which son?
The Order of the Lithuanian Grand Duke Gediminas features one of the earliest symbols of Lithuania, which is one of its historical what?
What teams did a Mount Olive native NFL quarterback play for?
In what year was the country music singer who starred in Christmas in Canaan born?
Were the MAŤO and LINK 480Z 16-bit computers?
"Sleep to Dream" is a song written and recorded by an American alternative singer-songwriter who was classically trained on piano as a child and began composing her own songs when she was how old?
Where is Rogue Ales Brewery Co-founded by Jack Joyce located?
Who was the English inventor who invented the heavy oil engine manufactured by Richard Hornsby & Sons?
What city were both bands Wavves and Hot Snakes formed in?
What country do both the Rachias timbo and Iguazu Falls have in common?
Which of the first African-American students admitted to the University of Georgia is an American journalist and former foreign correspondent for National Public Radio?
What album did Bill Hudson help Andrew Lynch with?
Bowdon, Greater Manchester is located in an area know for what?
What is the name of the former President Jimmy Carter's daughter, who was born in 1967 and had a nanny who was convicted of murder?
Who was born earlier, Jeff Simmons or Frank Zappa?
The Wings entered a new era, following the retirement of which Canadian retired professional ice hockey player and current general manager of the Tampa Bay Lightning of the National Hockey League (NHL)?
How many people speak the same language as Wang Dong?
Sam Nicholson is a Scottish professional footballer who plays as part of what American professional soccer club?
The magazine whose was joined by Richard Taylor was founded by a Scottish journalist born in what year?
In which city does this group that owns the New York Mercantile Exchange have exchange facilities through online trading platforms?
The Taxpayer Choice Act was supported by a U.S. Representative from what state?
Who wrote the "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one hit, featured on Now That's What I Call Music!18?
Tingsted Church was built in which style of medieval Europe with semi-circular arches?
In which policy was this First Lady to whom Sheila Rabb Weidenfeld served as Press Secretary active?
Call a spade a spade has been used in literary works by what British playwright, novelist, and short story writer who was reportedly the highest-paid author during the 1930s?
Aladdin is a musical with lyrics by an American lyricist whose first collaboration with Alan Menken was with what 1979 musical?
Who was the most important leader of the labor group that Alzina Stevens represented?
John Bradstreet's mother was from a colony of which European country?
Nikolay Arsenyev served during the Kościuszko Uprising after which war?
What airline does Highest Duty: My Search for What Really Matters and Chesley Sullenbergerhave in common?
The Voyage that Shook the World was commissioned by what non-profit organisation that has locations in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa, the United Kingdom, and the United States?
What late-night talk show host wrote a 2008 best-selling book?
What canal is located more westward in the US, the Florida Canal or the Pioneer Canal?
What type of motor racing is Scott Moran famous for?
What nationality is the male star of the film The Picasso Summer?
Which of the following musical pieces premiered first - Il segreto di Susanna or Die Frau ohne Schatten?
A Death in the Afternoon and an Agua de Valencia both share what ingredient?
The Celebrity Apprentice 6 cast included an American political aide in the White House who received a bachelor's degree in broadcast journalism from where?
What is this region highly contested between Poland and Lithuania called in Polish where Lithuanian Education Society Rytas is located?
Which album of Taylor Swift's the does the song appear that the optimistic lyrical message of Yodel It! has been compared to?
The election of Donald rump to the position that encompasses the duty of commander-in-chief of the United States Armed Forces was an expression of what political movement?
What was the star in the film "The Bear" died by an accidental self inflicted blank cartridge gunshot to the head?
What was the maiden name of the person Jo Platt became Parliamentary Private Secretary to?
Sovetskaya Litva found itself free at the same time as the fall of Supreme Soviet of the Lithuanian SSR, what change allowed both of the actions to happen?
Who wrote the closing night film from the 2013 Deauville American Film Festival?
Which monarchy had this English peeress executed whose adult life is depicted in the 2014 historical novel The King's Curse?
Which documentary film was released first, Call Me Lucky or The Square?
What age group did the channel that carried the 30 episode series that debuted on January 7,2007 focus on?
What is a rare survivor on the David and Catherine Driver Farm from American Civil War campaign led by American soldier, businessman, educator, and author William Tecumseh Sherman?
Renaldo James Woolridge placed for what team in the NVA Development League?
What was the political party of the District of Columbia Mayor who approved the Golden Triangle business improvement district in 1997?
Which film was released first, Bichunmoo or Musa?
What role did Ansel Elgort play in the 2013 American supernatural horror film directed by Kimberly Peirce?
What was ordered to replace the French heavy tank the Char2c during the late Interbellum? by the?
At which World Cup, specifically in a match against Sweden, was the Cruyff turn first deployed on the international footballing stage, winning Johan Cruyff the Golden Ball award?
Who did Harland Braun represent in the case of the March 3, 1991 beating of Rodney King?
Which airline was created in September 2005 with the merger of Sterling European and Maersk Air: Sterling Airlines or EasyJet?
Imperial Ballroom was a 1982 album released by the singer born whom?
Austrofascism was led by which Austrian Patriotic Front statesman?
How many years did the subject of the album Nude hold out after World War II ended?
Taya Kyle was the widow of this US Navy SEAL who served how many tours in the Iraq War?
What is the year of the person who was born first, Wanda Kosakiewicz, or Albert Camus?
Which Twenty Million Sweethearts actress was widely known for performing in RKO's musical films?
What town has access to industries while being located along a highway providing connections between cities in the southeast?
The red-eyed wrasse is native to Indonesia and an island located in what ocean?
When did the band who sang "Rango" win a Brit Award for British Breakthrough act?
Disaster Masters dealt with what major conflagration caused by a series of explosions on December 11, 205 at the Hertfordshire Oil Storage Terminal?
Which musician who performed in Live from Freedom Hall was born in 1960?
Man About Town was written and directed by Mike Binder and stars which English actor born on October 27, 1939?
Ryan Murphy cowrote a movie based on which book of the same name that appeared on "The New York Times" Best Seller list for 187 weeks?
Robert F. Hughes, an American television director, worked on what American animated television series from the creators of "Phineas and Ferb"?
Killochan railway station is near the castle that is what type of tower house?
Who escaped to London in 1940, along with his prewar government, where they acted as a government in exile?
Athena starred a British actor who is best known for his starring role in what 1954 historical epic?
Crump Stadium was named after which American politician who served as mayor of Memphis from 1910 through 1915?
Who was the first daughter-in-law of Bridget Elizabeth Hitler?
What show that aired on CBS is Betsy Brandt in?
Are plants from the Draba and Chlidanthus genus' both flowering plants?
On which television show hosted by Waleed, Carrie, and Peter did Veronica Milcom make an appearance?
How do Sumner Murray Redstone and Carl Folta know each other?
The American comic book publisher known for chracters such as Shilo Norman and Wonder Woman is a subsidiary of which company?
What are both a Russian Spaniel and an Elo?
Between Katie White and Jack Bruce, who worked in a larger group (the number of members)?
Who was born first, Daryush Shokof or Jonathan Lynn?
Spetz' writer, producer, director, and star, is a Russian mobster and crime boss in what area?
Who is the Dutch football manager and former centre-forward footballer who was signed by FC Bayern Munich in the 2003–04 season?
Who is older, Irish boxer Andy Lee or American Boxer Bryan Lee Vera?
What WNBA team formerly played at the location of the Pacers–Pistons brawl?
When was the University that Elio Lo Cascio teaches Roman history at founded?
Sam Endicott and Jens Kidman are both best known for being what?
Which American coming-of-age comedy-drama film did Judd Nelson played John Bender in?
What founder of Raider Klan appeared on Live. Love. ASAP?
Welcome Home was written by a former member of a boy band - where was that band formed?
Who edited the magazine which Subhash Sharma photographs are regularly published in?
Which American actor, filmmaker, musician and comedian born in 1978 was depicted in the music video of "Dick in a Box"?
Where is the hotel located that has Elisabeth Gürtler-Mauthner as it's managing director?
Which buildings has more stories, 8 Spruce Street or Random House Tower?
Were Nicole Scherzinger and Darby Crash both American punk rock vocalist and songwriters?
Which game played on January 1, 2007 did 2006 Boise State Broncos football team faced Oklahoma?
For a role in what okay did contestants compete in the 2007 reality show based out of the United Kingdom?
Are both Tommy Lee Jones and Todd Haynes actors?
What ballet by Sergei Prokofiev was also used in the theme music for Chambers?
The red carpet at the 2016 KBS Entertainment Awards was hosted by which host other than the one professionally known by the mononym Somi?
Powała of Taczew help fight against who during the Battle of Grunwald?
Which of Taylor Swift's songs from the album "Reputation" premiered at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, held on August 27, 2017 at the Forum in Inglewood, California?
Who provided the German libretto to the composition by a man whose best known work is "The Threepenny Opera," which proved to be their last major collaboration?
Sir Anthony Francis Seldon is known in part for his biography of a British politician who identifies as what?
Who created the character in "Days of Wine and D'oh'ses" that was upset about his friend giving up alcohol?
What TV related profession did the father of Jay Wilkinson choose after he retired from football?
What direction does U.S. Route 123 and U.S. Route 23 have in common?
Are Fabio Fognini and Brian Gottfried from the same country?
The idea proposed by an American Mathematician and philosopher included knowledge of what kind of properties?
What WWII era Norwegian football tournament had to be suspended due to the actions of Vidkun Quisling?
Which early innovator in automative technology was founded by two of the original members of the Moraine Country Club?
Where is the investment holding company of Milwaukee Electric Tool Corporation based?
Approximate what percentage of the Canadian population live in the province in which Ivan Woods was born?
How populated is this minor civil division in Maine, of which The Forks, Maine is a good example?
In which battle occurred between the navy of Rhodes and the navy of the dominant state of Hellenistic Greece?
Which host of Whodunnit died on November 16, 2009?
The character Beatrice Prior stars in how many movies?
On what date did the narrator of Rosie & Ruff in Puppydog Tales die?
Which mine is the subject of a major environmental cleanup project and is not located in Ontario, the Colomac Mine or the Big Dan Mine?
Where is the head office of the flag carrier which is used by Aeral?
In what city is John Eastin Van Maanen a professor?
How many acres does the state forest in a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire cover?
The winner of the inagural edition of the Hansol Korea Open earned a silver medal in which Summer Olympics?
Irving Wayne Hardin coached an American football player nicknamed "Captain America" that played what position?
The actress of the ex-wife of St. John in "No Such Thing as Vampires" has appeared in what other films?
Robert William McQuarters played college footbal at Oklahoma State. What Stadium do the Oklahoma State cowboys football team play their home games?
Composer, Niels Finn Høffding, and musician, Carl August Nielsen are from what country?
Jamie Sharper is the brother of which broadcaster?
Which band is from a country closer to Canada, Talking Heads or Jesus Jones?
Which band has more bass players, Mobile or Ned's Atomic Dustbin?
WHICH WHITE WOLF IMPRINT CREATED THE GAME EVERQUEST RPG AND HAS ALSO ACTED AS PUBLISHER FIR GAME DEVELOPERS SUCH AS MONTE COOK'S COMPANY AND NECROMANCER GAMES?
Who was born earlier, Peter Ackroyd or Colum McCann?
What date were several dozen Jewish men executed during a program in which Algirdas Klimaitis was famous for his role in?
What class of ship is the destroyer named after this lieutenant commander embarked on the sixth aircraft carrier of the United States Navy and killed in action?
Where is the line abandoned by the routes operated by Northern on behalf of Merseytravel?
Which well know comedian who performed at the NY Comedy Festival was born 25 June 1961?
Where was the composer who coauthored the song, Let Me Be the One, with Paul Williams born?
What type of university are both University of Massachusetts Lowell and New Mexico State University?
On what date did the channel, which the show "Yo, Guillermo" is broadcast on, begin broadcasting?
What did Michael Alford serve as, as part of the ISAF force against a known Taliban stronghold and center of opium production?
Who did the founder of Project RAND view as his own person "troubleshooter" while serving as general of the Air Force?
The Battle of Nedao involved a group of people who lived when?
James Redfield and Grażyna Miller, both writers, were born in which decade?
In what year did William "Gipsy" Daniels knock out the future heavyweight champion of the world?
Of Harry Lachman and Lionel Barrymore, which man was an actor?
What record that was previously held by Johnny Unitas did one of the most-decorated players in Purdue history broke?
The author of "Where Rainbows End" was born in what city?
Where Jack Thompson is from and where the Victorian Football League's Collingwood Football Club?
What method does myThings use to determine what ads to display to consumers from advertisers?
Which airport is closer to a city, Monterey Regional Airport or Gulfport–Biloxi International Airport?
Where was the hip hop group with a compilation entitled Greatest Messages formed?
Heather Begg appeared alongside what New Zealand soprano who has a full lyric soprano voice?
What type of accent does David Tennant use in "DuckTales"?
Are Byte and The American Prospect both political magazines?
Mister Magoo's Christmas Carol was produced by the same studio that produced a film that featured the only animated-film role by who?
Who directed a 2010 American erotic romance film starring the voice of Moe Szyslak?
Do Aram Chobanian and Vic Darchinyan have the same profession?
Which has more acts, Die Walküre or La fille du régiment?
How many people died in the riot that bears the same name as the off-Broadway house located at 434 Lafayette Street in the NoHo section of Manhattan?
Who was the director of the 2009 movie featuring Peter Outerbridge as William Easton?
What station does the former Michigan Governor that Howard Edelson served as campaign manager for work at today?
What is the currency code for the prize for the Gwen Harwood Poetry Prize?
When was actor who portrayed the owner of the Southfork Ranch in the soap opera, "Dallas," born?
Are both the Valens Aqueduct and Veliefendi Race Course considered to be important landmarks in Istanbul, Turkey?
Which star of "Cleopatra" was also in a film that starred Nicol Williamson?
Which cocktails contains more types of liquor, the Colombia or the Three Wise Men?
Which has more students, Tomsk Polytechnic University or Makerere University?
In what year was the Under Secretary of the Air Force replaced by a former member of the United States House of Representatives?
What type of land mass was discovered in 1513 by a Spanish explorer, governor, and conquistador?
What is the date of birth of the coach of the 1981 Sooners football team?
Which queen of a civilization of ancient Northeastern Africa, concentrated along the lower reaches of the Nile River had the title "the one united with the beauty of the white crown"?
In which city of the United Kingdom does Drinker Biddle operate an office?
What January 30, 1972 event led to the Whidgery Tribunal?
What is the name of the company which sells Nespresso products, which were first invented by engineer Eric Favre in 1974?
Which film had a director with a shorter last name, Sky High or Those Calloways?
Which abbey constructed the castle located in Dalton Town with Newton?
What two cities are home to the port of entry situated at the north end of the Port Subdivision railroad line?
Which Eliza Bennett movie was turned into a 2009 video game on Nintendo DS?
Which 1964 Norman Rockwell painting is considered the iconic image of the Civil Rights Movement?
Are both Wake Forest University and Purdue University system public entities?
Who commissioned the second USS "Rockport" SP-738 in the center of summer tourist activity?
Who played the part of the Marquis de Sade in the film for which Martin Childs was nominated for an award at the 74th Academy Awards?
How many men was this American serial killer convicted of murdering who became the subject of the 2003 biographical crime drama film "Monster"?
Which company serves more people, ICICI Bank or First Union?
The assets of The Société Générale des Transports Aériens were incorporated into a French flag carrier that served how many French destinations in 2013?
Which board game involves an adventure motif, Camel Up or Arkham Horror?
What America physicist was a spokesperson at the LIGO Scientific Collaboration?
Sneha Sharma and IndiGo Airlines are both from which country?
What is the common way to distinguish the Manx cat because of the cat body-type mutation?
What author, who Tom Wolfe called a "writer to watch" in a speech in 2010, wrote a book detailing the efforts by the governments on United States and Colombia to stop the illegal activities committed by drug lord Pablo Escobar?
Nike Mercurial Vapor is endorsed by the Brazilian footballer who plays what position for Liverpool?
Which season was the episode where the Retirement Castle is closed for health violations, and written by an American television comedy writer who was born February 27, 1957?
How much cargo passes through the Chennai Airport Flyover?
What part of the country of Argentina is San Julian Bay located?
Who was the inaugural winner of the Grammy Award for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in 2002 and had worked with Mark Jenkins?
Are Ralph Bakshi and Herschell Gordon Lewis both American?
Just Wright starred an American rapper who was born in Newark, and signed with what record label in 1989?
What is the name of the comedian that uses one-liner jokes and was born on September 15?
Petronella Oortman's dollhouse inspired the 2014 novel "The Miniaturist" while it was on display where?
Where was the actress who played in the film based on the short story All You Zombies from?
James Tyrrell was known for confessing to the murders of the only sons of which royal?
Did Steve Taylor or MGMT exist first?
Who developed the stadium at which C.F. Monterrey home game was played?
The End Times Tour supported an album that was released in standard and deluxe editions on CD and double LP vinyl, and in what other form?
Remixed Remade Remodeled is a remix album of recordings by a band founded by which two people?
The first sequel to "Frankenstein" was a production manager nominated for what award based on his work on the film?
Boss Bailey is the brother of the NFL player who played college ball for which team?
Which group is from England, Modern English or Saint Asonia?
What Malaysian female professional squash player beat Vicky Botwright to win the 2008 World Open?
Both Buddy Murphy and Wesley Blake are both professional what?
The 1977 Tournament Players Championship was held in Ponte Vedra Beach, What beach area is this part of?
Who is older - Shaun Scott or Lothar Mendes?
What is the birthday of the former member of Team Halfords Bikehut who currently works as an environmental consultant?
What did the Russian composer who composed Pictures at an Exhibition invest?
Costus and Bedfordia are examples of what?
Chow Chow and German Wirehaired Pointer are both what?
At what age was the Indian man, who was raised as an Australian, and who used a pseudonym to write the memoir "A Long Way Home", accidentally separated from his mother?
Which genus features more species, Pritchardia or Miltoniopsis?
Who was the county named for in which the unincorporated community call Cockrell is located?
What was Eannatum's name known as for the ancient semitic-speaking people from Syria?
What sport does Etric Pruitt and Marquand Manuel have in common?
What is the full name of the 1991 alliance that created the instruction set implemented by the x704 microprocessor?
When was the American lawyer and politician which contested in the 2014 gubernatorial election born?
Who was the coach of the Missouri Tigers women's basketball team that was hired in 2010?
Are Vic Ruggiero and Tom Bailey from the same country?
Are Ralph Wien Memorial Airport and Columbia Regional Airport in the same country?
Which 1974 Pittsburgh Steelers draft pick was recognized by the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 1990?
The artist who wrote the song "Silver Springs", which was released as a single from the 1997 album "The Dance", was born in which year?
The portrait "Vanessa" depicts Esther Vanhomrigh and a man that became dean of what cathedral?
Season 5 of The Bachelor features a bachelor that played college football at what university?
Arthur "Art" Paul is a graphic designer and was the founding Art Director of a magazine that was founded in which city?
What metals were produced by the the steelworks company hit in the Barrow Blitz alongside VSEL?
The Milton Keynes urban area in Buckinghamshire, in the UK, lacks what status?
What nationality was the woman who was first-seeded and won the singles title in The 1997 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix?
Remember Me Ballin' is a CD single by Indo G that features an American rapper born in what year?
Which game is older Mastermind or Acquire?
The Big Year strs what actor known for his roles in "School of Rock" and "Kung Fu Panda"?
How many New York private colleges are there in this region where the non-profit, multi-disciplinary art and performance space The Kitchen is founded?
What county is Black Cap located in?
Who had more members, Dada or Enter Shikari?
John Timpson is the chairman and owner of a multinational retailer that has how many outlets in the United Kingdom and Ireland?
In what year did a Soviet, Russian, and American theoretical physicist, whose main contributions are in the field of condensed matter physics, come up with his famous theory?
Which was released first, "American Movie" or "Über Goober"?
Which American film Director was born earlier, Irving Cummings or Chris Buck?
Who currently owns the New York fashion house in which Lee Williams was the face of?
Of Ernst Jünger and Barbara Kingsolver who served in the military?
The company which is a subsidary of the American footwear company founded by Charles Beckman is a principal supplier of what.?
When was the film starring a South Korean singer-songwriter, actor and music producer born in June 1982 released?
How many miles from the Atlantic coast was Claire Guillard born?
What three professions do Storm Large and Jared Leto have in common?
Carolus Nolet is he chairman of a company from which city in the Netherlands?
Bob Scucci formerly worked at a casino located where?
What group did Marketa Irglova's "Once" co-star perform in?
What was the name of the man, who was billed by the coiner of the phrase "There's a sucker born every minute" as "Boy Lightning Calculator"?
Where was the airline which has Sir Seewoosagur Ramgoolam International Airport as the home airport headquartered?
How far from Dublin was James Cullen born?
What genre of film does Burden of Dreams and The Judge and the General fall under?
What kind of poetry written by Ernst Stadler presented the world solely from a subjective perspective?
Maximilien Strauch was the adviser to what second king of the Belgians?
What NFL team plays at the stadium in which Luke Bryan closed his Kick the Dust Up Tour?
Which American singer, songwriter, actress and television personality.cover song was featured in House M.D. Original Television Soundtrack?
Who reigned after a report about mismanagement at the residence at which the Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother resided from 1953 to 2002?
Immigrant farm workers during the Dirty Thirties used a route that connected what states?
Where was the 2009 film shot that starred an actress who also starred in "Boogie Nights" and was directed by Rockmond Dunbar?
The "Incubus" cinematographer went on to win an Academy Awards for his work on a Sam Mendes directed film released in what year?
Which pizza chain is located in the San Francisco Bay Area, Dion's or Patxi's Chicago Pizza?
What two stars shared the screen with Andrew Keegan in the 2001 adaptation of William Shakespeare's "Othello"?
What is the name of the retired American basketball player born in 1969, who had sold to him by Michael Heisley a 70% controlling stake in the Grizzlies?
Who did the most work for Dutch Public TV, Willy Lindwer or Gil Kenan?
When was the American rapper, actor, and television host born who's debut studio album is To the Extreme?
What is the full job title of Desmond Wilkinson Llewelyn's character in the "James Bond" films?
The American Thoroughbred race horse Birdstone won which leg of the Triple Crown in 2004?
The overthrow of a Colonel and Libyan revolutionary inspired what group to rise up to overthrow the government?
Moor Grange County Secondary School was located in what city in West Yorkshire, England, that was a major centre for the production and trading of wool?
Are both Pandikona and Treeing Cur hunting dogs?
Which US stare is Victoria & Albert's restaurant located in?
What 2003 disaster took the lives of seven crew members, including the astronaut for which asteroid 51827 Laurelclark is named for?
Which board game was invented first, Halma or Terra Mystica?
Jordan University of Science and Technology is often abbreviated JUST, Michigan Technological University is often abbreviated how?
Are Ms. and Fucsia targeted at the same gender for their audience?
Considered to be not quite up to the caliber of a "contender" or "gatekeeper", what was Azem Maksutaj considered to be after 2001?
When was the first mid-size pickup truck from Chrysler's Ram division introduced which is the basis of Dodge Durango?
Who stars as Arthur in the film that Rospo Pallenberg helped?
What type of Guinness World Record performance does the Cheung Kong Center take part in?
Rod Strickland is the godfather of an NBA player who won an NBA championship with the cavaliers in which year?
What material is the trophy the Current holders who play their home games at Bridgestone Area, made of?
Which band has been together longer, Asian Kung-Fu Generation or The Get Up Kids?
Which Minister for Small business was also represented the seat of Riverina, New South Wales?
What year was the Autódromo Juan y Oscar Gálvez in the Villa Riachuelo barrio built and by whom was it built?
Holston River joins up at Knoxville with which river that begins in Transylvania County, North Carolina?
Producers that won in the 24th Hong Knog Film Awards?
Where is the maker of Citrus Hill headquartered?
In what field of Biology was the "unorganised machine" concept mentioned?
What colony was the scene of the war which concluded with the decisive defeat of the Pequot?
What is a branch of the Afroasiatic language family and also known as the letter Mem?
Crystal Waters is known to have worked on the song "You spin me Round", which peaked to what number on the US Billboard hot 100?
What car does the driver who finished third in The 2010 Pepsi Max 400 currently drive?
Where was Raúl Alfonsín funeral and is a monumental building?
Which of Richard Harold Steinberg's books was published by independent publishing house Rowman & Littlefield in 2002?
Which ran more frequently, Sesame Street Magazine or Giant Robot?
In what parliamentary district is the civil parish roughly three and three quarter miles north-east of Crosby Villa?
Which boxing division was the man who had a film written about him which Mark Walhberg starred and co-produced?
What soft drink manufacturer markets a variety of soda flavors is made by National Beverage Corp.?
What institution used the Maria A Wook to patrol navigable waterways of the unrecognized country in North American that existed in 1861 to 1865?
What is the name of the city that is home to the University of Kentucky and the planned Gameday Center?
Who was the director of a Disney film in which Danielle Nicole Panabaker came to prominence for her roles in 2005?
Do both Lone Wolf v. Hitchcock and Obergefell v. Hodges cases concern minorities in the US?
Who was the father of the person "Principles of Philosophy" was dedicated to?
What country of origin does Rules of Engagement and CBS have in common?
Who were the two parties fighting in the war where Kajiwara Heima served as karō?
The actor that played Jim Rockford in "The Rockford Files" also starred with Julie Andrews in a 1999 made-for-tv movie based on what play?
What gaming systems was The Last Guardian and Shadow of the Colossus made for?
Who was born first, J. K. Rowling, or Bertolt Brecht?
What country was the Bourne and Sleaford Railway and Midland and Great Northern Joint Railway located?
The University System of New Hampshire oversees a coeducational university in Plymouth that has how many undergrad students?
What artist that co-founded a band with David Knopfler also played with the group Brewers Droop?
Was the king of Spain in 1975 given the title "Marquessate of Samaranch"?
When was the base where Patrol Squadron Eight was formerly based closed?
What BBC Three writer and Sharon Horgan collaborator worked at the White Bear theatre?
Who was the legal grandson of the Earl of Merica?
What management award was given to former shortstop of the Detroit Tigers, Boston Red Sox, St. Louis Browns and Cincinnati Reds in 1967?
This 1990 American comedy-drama film that co-starred an American former child actor turned what?
Which band is made up of brother, Canterbury or Evermore?
What type of facility was Roger Batzel best known for as director?
In what country is the are two Baronies separated by the Lugton Water or the Bungle Burn running through Burnhouse?
What profession do John Lasseter and Lucky McKee share?
Which American psychological horror film written by Joseph Stefano is what Martin Balsam is known for playing Milton Arbogast in?
Who is both a winner of the Scottish Football Writers' Association Footballer of the Year award, and plays as a striker?
Strange Weirdos is the official soundtrack album to the film whose director founded what?
What kind of publication is the 2015 weekly publication that appeared in over 80 newspapers in the U.S. and Canada and that also has a weblog?
Where did the CEO of Regent University attend a rally in 1980?
What English performer has had her music compared to Giorgia Fumanti?
Which first-person shooter game that was developed by FASA studio allows cross-platform play?
Jeff Brohm played college football for which retired coach who was active at both the college and pro levels?
What extraterrestrial creature is featured in a film in which the "Happy New Year" actor also appears?
Which company markets Melarsomine as Immiticide in order to treat a small thread-like worm that causes filariasis in dogs, mainly, but also cats, ferrets, bears, sea lions, and coyotes?
What is the 69th La Liga season inwhich Deportivo La Coruña also won?
Which genus has more accepted species Browningia or Aristotelia?
What American physician played a part in the 2016 United States presidential election recounts?
Who is the current mayor of the city where the Gulf Coast League Royals played?
Which actress has won multiple awards and nominations for playing a cop out of the 16th precinct?
Which actor portrays the German voice of the American actor who played the title character on "Doogie Howser, M.D."?
The Players Club starred which actor who was also known for his role on Good Times?
Interstate 480 is named for the first American to do what?
With which western series is the star of The Last of the Vikings associated?
The actor who starred in films like "Splash" and "Forrest Gump" produced which film that also stars Colin Hanks?
Which city sports locations for both the Specialty Restaurants Limited restaurant company and the Bombay Stock Exchange?
I Love Rock 'n' Roll was originally relased by Allan Merrill of the Arrow, but was later released by what American singer and occasional actress?
Which adviser to the Donald Trump campaign had a biographical book about them written by Gabriel Sherman?
What town was the 1990s manager of ND Črnuče born in?
Was Yakov Protazanov or Marcel Duchamp born in 1881?
In what year was the politician who won the 2008 Idaho Republican primary born?
What role did the Fleet Admiral who has a class of supercarriers named after him have in World War II?
Battle of Cervera was during the war that was over which landmass?
Hugo Adam Bedau used the example of an American domestic terrorist to support what political policy?
In 2015 Ramon Tebar was named Principal Guest Conductor of an opera house located in what city?
Whitetop Mountain is the second-tallest mountain in Virginia behind which peak, near Troutdale?
Did both Unrest and Evanescence release albums in the 1990's?
Ryan Hulings plays for the Dayton Dyanmo, who is his head coach?
Who wrote the novel that a movie from 1969 is based on which was directed by the same director who also directed the movies "missing" and "Hanna K."?
Jay Simon is best known for her role as a flight attendant in a movie directed by which director?
What award did Petey Pablo get nominated for at the award ceremony that was established in 1958?
What does Susan Seidelman and Kinka Usher have in common?
Tobias Wolff and Dario Fo were both known for their literature?
Under which president did this American retired politician and businessman serve as Secretary of Defense most recently that St. Petersburg Democratic Club's controversial "The Gabber" advertisement focused on?
How many storeys does this tower house have which David Gregory inherited in 1664?
What job do both Elio Petri and Masaki Kobayashi have in common?
What province was the man who beat Lupe Pintor in his first defense in 1986 born?
How many BAFTA Awards has the actress who, along with Abigail Wilson wrote Jam &Jerusalem, won?
Toiyabe National Forest is located in a town that had how many inhabitants in 2010?
Which band has more members, We Are the Ocean or The Dream Academy?
Pilot is the first episode of the drama developed by whom?
Where did John McCarthy officiate his first UFC match?
Which film director has won 9 primetime emmy awards Paul Sloane or Gregory Hoblit?
What team was Autralian cricketer Brad Haddin it's inaugural captain?
What is the name of this Irish singer-songwriter, musician, venture capitalist, businessman, and philanthropist, who wrote "Love Is Blindness" on the piano?
The producer of the film "The Devil's Daughter" is best known for his work in what subgenre of film?
As the youngest brother to a fictional character from the BBC soap opera "EastEnders", Jack Branning is played by what actor?
Nico Constantine is an American music director that is known for his work with this rock band from Atlanta, Georgia?
What did Howard Burnham's brother inspire?
Are Mike Patton and Andrew Roachford in the same industry?
Who wrote the novels on which a mecha anime series by Studio Fantasia is loosely based on, and whose writings were serialized in St Nicholas Magazine from December 1887?
Are The Postal Service and At the Drive-In both punk rock bands?
When did the heavyweight boxing championship match, for which the Zaire 74 concert was intended to be a major promotional event, actually take place?
When did the film with an appearance from Lena Maria Jonna Olin begin production in Germany?
What two native American tribes are located on the reservation where the Lodgepole Community Hall is recognized as an historic site?
Which feature named for he Scottish Gaelic word for lake is south of Beinn Alligin?
Who, in 1541, founded the school where Robert Simons was educated?
The Branford Price Millar Library is the library of a public research university founded in what year?
The creator of the song "Alabam" was born in what year?
Who was the previous king to the king that married Boedil Thurgotsdatter?
What did both Ivan Perestiani and Kim Ki-duk do as a career?
How tall is the hill that the Freighter "G-AICS" crashed into in 1958?
What year was the American film that featured the song Konichiwa Bitches released?
Were That Darn Cat! and Home on the Range made by the same stuido?
When was the maker of Billy Beer founded?
Which actress appeared in "American Gothic" and a 2010 historical drama film directed by Robert Redford?
What did K. S. Dasgupta image while working at Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology?
How many locations does the company have that offered its employees stock ownership as part of employees' remuneration for work performed starting in 2014?
Journey to the Center of the Earth starred a former Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer contract star who is the mother of what actor?
Which film director was born first, Albert Capellani or Walerian Borowczyk?
What kind of car is driven by the current defending winner of the Quaker State 400?
What is the name of the network that comes on at 8:00pm-6:00am and has a popular show called Rick and Morty?
Ahmed Brahim had supposed contacts with the professor of Contemporary Islamic Studies at what institution?
What was the role played in "Sweet Charity" by the star of Dear Diary?
Which former Conservative Member of Parliament hosted Wordaholics?
What other media has Rosamund Mary Ellen Pike been in besides television and stage?
What American archbishop is a main antagonist in "The Godfather Part III" said to have been based on?
What is the side of the engineering Kurt Hohenemser performed that deals with electronics?
Timbits are a bite-sized fried doughnut sold at which Canadian-owned international bakery chain?
On what date is the game "Hanetsuki" often played?
The CASA 2. 111 was a medium bomber derived from what German aircraft that was designed by Siegfried and Walter Gunter at Heinkel Flugzeugwerke in 1934?
Which band was conducted by a man who is an honorary member of a fraternity at a Jesuit university?
Which magazine has published articles by Scott Shaw, Tae Kwon Do Times or Southwest Art?
Which happened first the Western Allied invasion of Germany or the Battle of Iwo Jima?
What city did the artists who created the album "Heartbeat City" originate from?
Barry Keoghan appeared in a 2017 psychological horror-thriller film selected for competition at what festival?
Which Institute of higher learning has a more diverse field of studies, Université Laval or Lipscomb University?
What did Malcolm Arnold complete first, "The Symphony No. 4," or, the score for, "The Bridge on the River Kwai"?
What Irish company brews a beer popular in the Caribbean?
Are Curtis Publishing Co. v. Butts and Ware v. Hylton both cases involving the Bill of Rights?
The university at which the Wall of Wind is located has two major campuses in which county?
"Slew" McCain, U.S. Navy admiral who saw action in the Pacific war, was what relation to the recent Presidential candidate?
How many years of commentary and interpretation are contained in an ancient compendium of divination, which dates back to at least 672 BCE?
The Bold Type starred what American actress who is best known for her role as Natalie Goodman in the play "Next to Normal"?
Who replaced the actress who played Dr. Sydney Hansen on Providence play on Guiding Light?
The 2004 Porsche Carrera Cup Great Britain used what cars that had Porsche 996 internal designation?
What county is the town in Nevada in that has a feature listed with the United States National Register of Historic Places?
Who composed the song from the film "Zindagi Na Milegi Dobara" that was shot in the Spanish town of Alajar?
Are both the Kuchi and theWest Siberian Laika certified breeds?
Who assisted in bond financing for the transit system that includes the MGM Grand Station?
Who was born first, Ray Lampkin or Esteban de Jesús?
The Five Man Acoustical Jam was recorded as a part of acoustical shows to fill downtime while supporting Mötley Crüe on their tour, what was that tour named after?
How many parts in the serial adaptation of plays produced by the BBC in 1960 that includes one play written by Shakespeare in 1591 and is set in England?
The architectural style of a church that stands in front of the Palazzo Ghisilardi Fava originated in what city?
Twelve teams from what Division III university are part of the Great Northeast Athletic Conference?
Arturo Vega was sometimes called the fifth member of a band that formed where?
Hoopoe Starlings are found on an island located in what ocean?
What area does WOAD and Ridgeland, Mississippi have in common?
Fedor Fedorov is the younger brother of the retired ice hockey player who is GM of which Kontinental Hockey League team?
In what year was the City Hall that is built above City Hall station built?
Which of Kate Bush's albums were a UK number one album and also contains a song that has a sample featured in the song "Something Good"?
What role within their respective bands did John Rzeznik and Marty Raybon share?
What is the name of the billionaire snake who funds conservative thank tanks aimed at destroying the American way of life and is the chief executive officer of Koch Industries?
What year was the co-author (with Tom Verducci) of The Yankee Years born?
In what year was the poet that Thomas John Carlisle was an expert on born?
Nevada State Route 161 connects the unincorporated community in what county to Interstate 15?
Where was the Summer Olympic took place in which Zachary Whitmarsh represented his native country?
Who was buried in a tomb located in Dra Abu el-Naga and lived during the reign of who often is regarded as the greatest, most celebrated, and most powerful pharaoh of the Egyptian Empire?
Das Seelenbrechen is the fifth studio solo album by a Norwegian composer who has appeared with his wife Ihriel in what?
What is the old Irish meaning of the name of the county where Hugh Hamilton was born?
Where in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee can Dollywood be found?
Who is Claudio Ranieri in reference 1996–97 A.C. Fiorentina season?
The El Hadj Hassan Gouled Aptidon Stadium is located in a country with a total area of how many square miles?
What is the population of where WJKK studios are located in?
How many awards did the "A Girl Like Me" singer win at the American Music Awards of 2012?
Where did the game the Angry Birds Movie was based on first launch?
Vic Ruggiero and Aidan Moffat are both what?
How many stadium seats are in this multi purpose football stadium located in Tampa, Florida, where the 2004 South Florida Bulls football team played?
Is Platycerium a genus of ferns and Faucaria a word that means animal mouth?
Does the American band The Dodos have fewer members than American band Anarbor?
When was the Spanish footballer who plays as a right back for the team that was founded in 1919 and plays home matches at Estadio Nueva Condomina born?
Who was shot and killed in the film Foxcatcher?
Was Albert Camus or Oscar Hammerstein II born first?
Who was the last to pass away, Roland West or David Butler?
Who composed "Sunflower Slow Drag" with the King of Ragtime?
Which rock group released an album through Geffen Records and was founded by Matthew and Gunnar Nelson?
Who was the director of the 2016 American neo-noir action comedy film in which Murielle Telio played the role of Misty Mountains?
What cabinet position did one of the suspects in the Albert Jennings Fountain disappearance hold?
Caroline Farner campaigned for and won the right to what in Switzerland in February 1971?
Which genus of plants has more plants associated with it, Camassia or Acorus?
Are Sloane Stephens and Martin Damm both retired tennis players?
Between the Coccothrinax genus of palms and the Spigelia genus of flowering plants, which has more species in its genus?
Jenny Reece was a member at what university known for public research?
Jack Whitam appeared as Burgundy in the play King Lear. Who is the author of this play?
Who wrote the book of the musical inspired by Charles Lindbergh's rival?
Who was the football star born in 1974 that left Bayer Leverkusen to join another club, after the club did not win the Champions League and domestic league in 2001-02?
In numerical order what US president built the brown house?
What type of novels are written by the creator of the game Gloom?
What is the publishing year of this novella from French aristocrat, writer, poet, and pioneering aviator, who was born in June 29, 1900, and became a laureate?
What unit number in the Cleveland Court Apartments belonged to the woman who was referred to as "the first lady of civil rights"?
Bates Island is located in a lake with a surface area of how many acres?
In what Nickelodeon shown did Todd Talbot star as the role of Matt Walker?
The European route E67 and the Estonian national road 4 are both forms of what?
"Countdown" is a song writtin in part by what New Edition band member?
What football player left the Superliga side OB when he won Goalkeeper of the Year award in Denmark and Norway in 2010?
Which group contains more species, Willow or Stipa?
What was the winning team of the first game played at the stadium that replaced Stoll Field/McLean Stadium?
Oscar Fernandes is a confidant of the President of India's Congress, who has served in that role since what year?
Which teams in the Western Division XFL did Johnny Higgins play against?
Are Melody Time and Air Bud both comedy films?
Which album was released first, "This One's for You" by Deez Nuts, or "When Goodbye Means Forever..." by I Killed the Prom Queen?
Is both Vernors and Polar Beverages based out of Massachusetts?
In which city is the Sun Life Centre, global headquarters of Sun Life Financial?
What outspoken abolitionist and author of "An Appeal to the Coloured Citizens of the World" was also the father of one of the first black men to pass the Massachusetts bar?
What artist started as a backup singer for one of the "Four Heavenly Kings" of Hong Kong?
What theme, inspired by the SCUM Manifesto author, was considered in We Are The Night?
Where is the training ground for the club Arthur Crompton played for?
A movie about an elderly man named Carl Fredricksen was directed by a director who has been nominated for how many Oscars?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Erle Stanley Gardner or Elizabeth Taylor?
Russell Brunell Trood;s election as an Australian Senator provided support for the 25th Prime Minister of Australia, whose term ended in what year?
How did the NL team in the 2014 World Series perform the following year?
What retired member of the Golden State Warriors trio known as Run TMC is now the coach of the St. John's Red Storm?
Peter Jackson directed the epic monster remake King King in 2005. What movie did Doug Liman direct that year?
Who starred in the movie wherein Elizabeth Allen received a 2nd place Golden Laurel Award?
What type of group does Dishwalla and Civil Twilight have in common?
After winning the Miss Montana pageant, Brittany Wiser represented Montana in which subsequent contest?
Which is a recognized breed, Labrador Husky or Bullmastiff?
Who wrote a Manga series whose anime version starred Debora Rabbai?
In what year was the woman who co-anchored "Both Sides" with Vinnie Politan born?
Were Pietro Mascagni and Ambroise Thomas both best known for their contrabution to theatre?
Are CSS and Sebadoh from the same country?
What country has staged a FIFA World Cup and is home to FIFA's Director of Security?
KGOT broadcasts from studios in a shopping mall that is located on the southwest corner of East Dimond Boulevard and the Old Seward Highway, and his how big?
What is the real name of The Melodrama World Tour recording artist?
Who was born earlier, Jonas Mekas or Don Siegel?
Who has more scope of profession, Benjamin Orr or Han Seung-yeon?
Other than being an Irish Anglican theologian, Frederick Nolan was considered a member of what group that claimed "the primacy of literalistic biblical exegesis and a short Young Earth time-scale?
When was the author of The Lightning Thief born?
Stephen Jay Gould worked at the museum located in which New York City borough?
Who was the President who owned both James Heming and Sarah "Sally" Hemings?
Are Trivial Pursuit and Qin both boardgames based on historical knowledge?
Were Friedrich Dürrenmatt and Joseph Heller's most famous works dramatizations of events in World War II?
Which Italian artist painted the Crucifix on 13 wooden boards, at the Basilica di Santa Croce in Florence?
Which novelist lived longer, Booth Tarkington or Theodore Dreiser?
The 2007 State Farm Home Run Derby was won by which Dominican former player?
Of the Dutch (Wubbo Ockels) or Slovaks (Ivan Bella), who was the first nationality to go to space?
Alastair MacWillson is a founding director of a company that combines what for the electoral process?
Which charter airline based in Miami-Dade county uses a Boeing 737-800?
What political organization did Mao Zedong belong to during the People's War?
What American rock band from Los Angeles which was formed in 1985 performed the song "Estranged" in their "Use Your Illusion" album?
John Bokyngham was a Bishop for a certain town. What province is that town in?
The Snowy Mountains, located in southern New South Wales, contain which major gated earthfill embankment?
Who did the former soloist of the Ukranian pop group "Nu Virgos" crown as her successor to the title of Miss Russia?
McCarthy Island as named after Timothy McCarthy, who sailed on the "Endurance" during an expedition for the Antarctic under which captain?
Everybody's Business is Nobody's Business: Or, Private Abuses, Public Grievances Exemplified is a 1725 pamphlet by an English writer whose most famous novel is second only to the bible in what?
Who directed The Ghost Train film, which was based on the play written by Arnold Ridley?
At the end of which season the daughters of Airitech would come out of the Cave of Cruachan every year?
Which film Sacred Planet or Teacher's Pet was more succesful at the box office?
What Canadian actor born in 2002 stars on Stranger Things?
Who had the most Nobel Prize nominations, Paul Claudel or Joyce Kilmer?
Which tennis player has achieved a higher ranking in doubles play, Bob Bryan or Jonathan Marray?
"Technologic" is a song on the last studio album to be released by who?
Which Franco Dragone created production is one of six resident Cirque du Soleil shows in Las Vegas?
How many people were on-board the plane that had Francis Charig as a passenger when it crashed in 2008?
Who was the undisputed "boss" that succeeded Woodrow Wilson in Atlantic City?
In between Gordon Gano and Johnette Napolitano who is best known as the lead vocalist/songwriter and bassist for the alternative rock group Concrete Blonde?
Other than author, what was the profession of the man who wrote Mars and Venus in the Bedroom?
What Hawaiian island is home to Taro, the most widely cultivated species of plants in the Araceae family, and the Kaukini Gallery?
Which American former professional boxer was interviewed on Argentine television show La Noche del 10?
Who has written more novels, Ford Madox Ford or Alan Furst?
Which magazine ran longer Women's Physique World or Ainslee's Magazine?
When was the American director, producer, and screenwriter born who co-founded Amblin Entertainment?
What local Hong Kong television station organized the event where Cora Miao won the Miss Photogenic award?
Who was Jutta of Saxony's father-in-law?
Which group has had more success on the Billboard charts, Daughtry or Mobile?
What movie was released earlier, Motherland or Shoah?
The 2015 WKU Hilltoppers football team were led the former quarterback who is now the head coach at what college?
In which Football Bowl Subdivision does this institution, where Scott Ankrom played as a student, compete?
What kind of finanical assistance is available to the students of the co-educational university that was defeated by the 1910 Detroit Titans football team?
Which dog breed has less hair, the Polish Hound, or the Chinese Crested Dog?
Las Vegas Stars had a coach who was the son of which famed UNLV coach?
Are the groups Man or Astro-man? and The Lumineers based out of the same American city?
What writer of Pirates of the 20th Century was born in 1936?
What is the maximum weight class for vehicles in the drag racing class as defined by ANDRA?
What type of company is Zipcar led by Scott Griffith from 2003-2013?
Which director was also a writer, Ralph Murphy or Hugh Schulze?
Christian Sivebæk currently plays for a professional football club based in Viborg and founded in what year?
What movie is the director most known for who also directed a 2015 comedy-drama written by OI Parker?
What was César Pelli who designed the Marriott at Key Center influential for?
Dominions 4: Thrones of Ascension has an active community on a VoIP application, which has over 45 million users as of May 2017, and which other platform?
The 1994 American comedy drama in which actress Scarlett Johansson made her film debut was based off of which novel?
How did Jocelyn Bell Burnell succeed John Arbuthnott as President of the Royal Society of Edinburgh?
What type of building does Retail Ventures and Value City have in common?
When was the actor who starred in "It Was an Accident" (2000) born?
What was the category of the Hurricane that cancelled the 2016 United States Disc Golf Championship?
What is the name of Demetria McKinney's character in Tyler Perry's House of Payne?
The mall near Cavaliers Country club is located in which unincorporated community?
What is the middle name of the head coach of the team that played their home games at Memorial Stadium in Lawrence, Kansas in 2003?
In what city is the American computer animation film studio that produced "A Bug's Life", Located?
What real life astronaut, born November 14, 1933, was a character in the movie Apollo 13?
How much in ticket revenue in 2013 did the busiest Amtrak route that uses the Wallingford station earn?
Calvin Collins started in an American football game played between the Denver Broncos and what other team, to determine the champion of the 1998 season?
Where did the star of Redbelt get a scholarship?
Currently, how many members are Democrats where Ed Dupont served five terms as a state senator?
In which house of the Mississippi Legislature does David Parker serve?
Are there more species in Dionysia or in Buxus?
Which "Saturday Night Live" writer wrote an eighth season episode for "The Simpsons"?
Who was the gunman in the mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub on June 12, 2016?
Of what relation is Irina Mikhailovna Raievskya to the great-great grandson and historic heir of Wilhelm II?
Pakistani professional Twenty20 cricket team's home ground has what capacity?
Which airport is closer to the city, Gerald R. Ford International Airport or Grand Canyon West Airport?
What type of field does the home stadium of the Montana Bobcats football team have?
Robbie Coltrane is known for his role in the "Harry Potter" films in which he is eventually revealed to be a member of which order?
What is the profession of the person Trump considered to replace Reince Priebus?
Which university renamed its business school, seat of the Edward Eagle Brown Professorship, following an endowment gift from David G. Booth?
The Tomorrow People follows a group of young people who possess what paranormal phenomenon?
When was the Khayal-based stylized singing family-hood group with vocalist Geetika Varde founded?
Sir Oliver Bury Popplewell chaired the inquiry into a stadium fire that killed how many people?
About which singer is the film in which Sylvie Testud appeared in 2007?
What county is the road that intersects with the beginning of the state-maintained portion of New York State Route 910D located in?
What industry were both William Styron and Anne Sextona part of?
Which musician helped popularize songs by American icons, Peter Hooton or George Thorogood?
Who was born first Charles Giblyn or Sean Bridgers?
What was the name of the evacuation operation that the RNLB Guide of Dunkirk was used in?
Which peoples inhabited this territory where Saint Walpurga was an abbess in the 8th century?
What was the full name of the record-breaking American sprinter known as Flo-Jo?
The Dachau Trials and the division of Germany happened due to what?
The Mobile Launcher Platform as well as the Saturn V and the Space Shuttle were assembled at this NASA facility.?
What kind of profession, other than acting, do Anu Anand and Mano have in common?
What is the full name of the Democratic State Senator who lost the 2006 Nevada gubernatorial election?
Which American engineer and former astronaut travelled to the moon alongside Neil Armstrong, Michael Collins, and Edwin E. Aldrin, Jr. as a member of Apollo 11?
Who directed a 2013 heist thriller film featuring a character named Dylan Rhodes?
Tell Me You Love Me Deluxe Version features an acoustic version of this song?
Did both Todd Haynes and Arthur Hiller direct films?
Who led the real-life Rebellion that the film 'North West Mounted Police' is based on?
Killing Mr. Griffin starred an actress born October 6 with what nationality?
On which issues does this American bi-monthly magazine, for which Merl Reagle produced a bimonthly crossword puzzle for, focus?
Did both Raine Maida and Josey Scott perform as lead vocalists for Saliva?
The principal building in the village of Guthrie dates back to what century?
The Most Popular Girls in School was compared favorably to the teen comedy film directed by whom?
In the made-for-television comedy film which premiered on January 7, 1975, who co-starred with the actress who had previously played the role of Agent 99 in a 1960s sitcom?
Who directed the most movies, Hans Richter or Alain Tanner?
What is the company that makes India Kings headquartered?
The Donvale Football Club will play in Division 3 of a league based in what suburbs of metropolitan Melbourne?
Polish Hunting Dog and Norfolk Spaniel are both dogs?
Who was born first, Barbara Cartland or John Banville?
Which Indian television series was broadcast first, Kkusum or Baal Veer?
Which is a home computer system, Dragon 32/64 or Microdigital Eletronica?
The Green Manalishi (With the Two Prong Crown)" is a song written by a guitarist who founded which band?
What professional athlete endorses Kasha Kicks and played college football at Colorado State?
Who started the bibliotherapy program at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth in the South Coast region of the State?
When was the American politician which Catherine E. Pugh lost primaries to born?
Steve "The Rifleman" Flemmi and John Connolly were both convicted following an investigation into corruption and other criminal activity within which U.S. government agency?
Cressida Dick was the first what to become head of London's Metropolitan police department?
Which episode aired later, Simpsons Already Did It or Professor Chaos?
What state were both La Familia Michoacana and the Knights Templar Cartel headquarted in?
Where is the airline of which Azores Airlines is subsidiary based?
Where was the British Formula One team that David Coulthard drove for in the 2002 Spanish Grand Prix based?
The entrance to the palace which houses the imperial sword is called what?
Ronan has only been performed twice, once during the fourth concert tour of her album released in what year?
The car Manabu Orido drives in the DIGP has what kind of body?
Getting Away with It was the first single by the English band Electronic, which included an English singer who was a founding member of both Joy Division and what other band?
Do the bands, Girl in a Coma and The Lemonheads, have the same amount of members?
We Need a Little Christmas was first performed by what British-American-Irish actress whose career has spanned seven decades?
What team did Mike Sherman coach in the 2009 bowl game played in Shreveport, Louisiana?
Who co-wrote a memoir with an American retired airline captain celebrated for the January 15, 2009 water landing of US Airways Flight 1549?
This German physicist and philosopher had a daughter, Bertha Elisabeth Freiin, in 1940.?
Which English mixed martial artist has fought for Cage Rage and acted in a controversial sex scene?
Size2shoes performed alongside a an actor known for "Gladiator" called what?
How many years did the former U.S. Representative from New York who found Queens Tribune use to serve?
Which band had more members The Fatima Mansions or 3OH!3?
What do Stratego and Trouble have in common?
When considering the two peaks known as Noijin Kangsang and Masherbrum, which of them has the greatest height related to their respected ranges?
Frank Spring played hockey for which team that was a relocation of the California Golden Seals?
Was Candlebox formed before Chris Cornell founded Temple of the Dog?
Which university has more campuses, University of Nebraska system and George Washington University?
According to the Greenspring Media publication "Bloomington-Mall of America Visitors Guide", when was the Mall of America opened?
What was the date of birth of the actor that played the Roman politician who lived until 30 BC?
Alfred Sherman became an adviser to a Prime Minister of the United Kingdom that died in this year?
Which large mammal that appears in the engraving for the Wildebeest Kuil Rock Art Centre, is one of any five extant species of odd-toed ungulates in the family Rhinocerotidae?
What author died at an earlier time, Mary McCarthy or Henry Miller?
Which of the bands was formed by more members, Goo Goo Dolls or Roses Are Red?
Who was born in 1948 and did a famous cover of Private Life?
Who from the band Hot Gossip was a member of the girl group titled "Boomerang"?
The Poitevin and Border Terrier breeds were both created for what use?
What country does South Carolina National Bank of Charleston and Andrew Jackson have in common?
Which director, Joseph Kane or Manish Gupta, wrote the film "Sarkar" and directed the film "Rahasya".?
When did Marlon Hairston's cousin sign with the Spurs?
Who was the prime-time host of 12 Olympic Games that Michele O'Callaghan did makeup for?
What song by Fatty Gets a Stylist was used on a campaign that ultimately provided revenue for public education in New York?
What publication is older, CQ Amateur Radio or V?
In what year was the film that Steve Hoban is best known for released?
The town where Alice Francis Wolf won four State Mixed titles, was considered the what numbered safest city in 2014?
Mark Spicoluk played bass with another Canadian singer who has been often referred to as what?
What country of origin does 17 Carat and Seventeen have in common?
Which country is 2MW and Murwillumbah located in?
The shopping center that incorporates multiple factory outlets in one center is located on which side of the Adelaide Airport?
In which year was the 85-86 Man of the Year inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame?
Which British fascist politician and veterinary surgeon published arguments about controversial topics around the Second World War?
Which computer was listed the highest selling computer model of all time, Commodore 64 or Aamber Pegasus?
Which rapper forms lyrics in the Swahili language, which is primarily spoken in the African Great Lakes Region?
Did Lee Hong-gi and Jung Yong-hwa released their first solo albums in the same year?
Who is older, Speedy Keen or Shaun Ryder?
Joey Miyashima is a Japanese American television and film actor who played Oki Doki, the pen pal of a comic fictional character created and portrayed by what American comedian?
What stands amoung the Froze-to-Death Mountain and is located in the U.S. state Montana?
Mauro Ranallo was a Showtime broadcaster for the bout that was known as what?
What type of series was the 2010 series which starred a Hong Kong actress born in 1970?
What former model starred in director Shin Tae-ra's film My Girlfriend is an Agent?
The Kingdom of Holland was the immediate successor of what previous Republic?
Are Catcha Lake and Big Dan Mine both located in Canada?
Across the Bridge of Hope was an album in support of the car bombing that took place in what Northern Irish city?
Who is the fictional governor of the village located at the end of the Palisadoes at the mouth of the Kingston Harbour?
When was the sandwich that a Turkey Devonshire similar to created?
USCGC Blackthorn sand in a collision at a bridge spanning what Florida city?
Hera is the goddess of women and marriage in Greek mythology and what collection of beliefs, rituals, and mythology originating in ancient Greece in the form of both popular public religion and cult practices?
In June, 2016 what was the population of Port Macquarie where the Ngamba traditionally lived?
The House of Dancing Water, a water-based extravagant production, is located at which mega-sized resort and casino in Macau, China?
What style of helmet pre-dated the distinctive design used by the German army, a pin of which was given to First World War veterans by the Nazi Party?
Is Air Traffic or Halestorm an American band?
In which year did Jack Pickersgill serve as Cabinet member for Lester B. Pearson?
What is the name of this only interstate railway station in South Australia, where Silver City Limited operated between it and Broken Hill?
What was the cybernym of the creator of The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange?
The American feature film "Those Redheads from Seattle (1953)" stars which actress that also appeared in the television series "Bewitched"?
Who was born first, Jamshīd al-Kāshī or Shah Waliullah Dehlawi?
What year did American director of music videos, Melina Matsoukas direct Rihanna's single "We Found Love"?
Were Gil Scott-Heron and Henry James both American authors?
What historically black university's men's basketball coach was formerly head coach at Virginia Tech?
Are Superdrag and the Plain White T's of the same nationality?
Who was the Hollywood Madam who appeared in the low budget film Alien 51?
Which writer was more published, Keri Hulme or Margaret Ayer Barnes?
What is being built both at 3 Hudson Boulevard and 520 Park Avenue?
What is the species name of the animal in which the University of Tennessee at Chattanooga has as a mascot?
Who has won more awards for their work, Darren Benjamin Shepherd or Lilibet Foster?
Why was the King of the United Kingdom coronation in June 1902 delayed?
In the film Kanyini, what type of rock is the nearby large formation made up of?
WeChat was an app developed by the company headquartered in what city?
What occupation do both Rob Pinkston and Frankie Muniz both share?
What type of music is this musician who composed the soundtrack for "Niruttara" (2006) specialized in?
Which magazine is still in print American Heritage or High Times?
Who died first, Yuri Linnik or Georg Cantor?
Who was DJ Pain 1 produced for that founded Distrurbing tha Peace?
What United States military fortification was founded in 1994?
Which role did this English stage, radio, film and television actress, who played Veronica Ball in "Beryl," play in "Dinnerladies"?
What is common between Todd Rundgren and Randy Brecker?
What country shares a connection with the 2006 DFB-Pokal Final and the footballer Claudio Pizarro, who plays as a striker in the Bundesliga?
Are GO and Lindy's Sports from the same country?
The Knicks–Nuggets was the most penalized on-court fight in the NBA since an altercation that occured in what city?
What town in Hartley has a population of 7,003?
Damon Lamon Stoudamire is cousin to which Qingdao DoubleStar player?
Which documentary was released first, Night Mail or Round Eyes in the Middle Kingdom?
Who was the King of Hollywood who costarred with Joan Crawford in Dancing Lady?
Two of London's 33 districts are cities: the City of London (the historic centre including Smithfield and Holborn) and which other?
The 1984 British Grand Prix was won by what driver who is the only one to have been a champion for both Ferrari and McLaren?
Which film closed the festival in which the British-American biographical adventure film directed and co-produced by Baltasar Komakur served as the opening night film?
Let's Rock Again! is a music documentary film following a singer that was the lead vocalist of what punk band?
The tournament that ran from 20 December 2016 to 28 January 2017 caused a break in what Austrailian Competition?
When did the coach of The 1996 Wisconsin Badgers football team step down?
What was the book about which Paul R. Gross written with Barbara Forrest in 2004?
What highly ionised elements are found in the spectrum of WR 102c?
Are both the Cayuga–Seneca Canal and Pennsylvania Canal in New York, United States?
Which South Korean television drama series stars a boy group formed by S.M. Entertainment in 2008?
Which beach is very close to the place where the 2011 Mumbai bombings occurred?
What prison is the Cleveland Strangler incarcerated at?
What show did Chuck Woolery host 1 year before hosting the game show "Think like a Cat"?
When are Multekrem and the traditional Danish wreath cake get served?
Are Malipo County and Laiwu in the same country?
Which band, The Dangerous Summer or Hello Sleepwalkers, is based in America?
What is the objective of Ampyx Power's project begun in 2011?
What nationality is Son Johnson's co-star in the movie Moondance Alexander?
Who is older, Callie Thorne or Tamar Kaprelian?
What year was the murderer of the Princes in the Tower born?
Where did Tony Romo and Bob Spoo work?
Run was covered by what actor and singer from Derry, Northern Ireland, who won the Glee Project on August 21, 2011?
Whose album featured vocals by "The Queen of Christian Pop"?
Herbert Sausgruber was born close to which Central European freshwater lake?
How many 13mm cartridge anti-tank rifles were produced for World War I?
In which country was the author of "A Method for Prayer" born?
Alicia Boscatto won silver at the multi-sport event from 1987 held in what US city?
Which magazine was in publication for longer, Working Woman or Peg's Paper?
What district is the arena where the The Starboy: Legend of the Fall Tour started?
The K2 building contains what commercial premises on its bottom two floors, a chain of theme restaurants founded in 1971 by Isaac Tigrett and Peter Morton?
What is the name of the music artist talked about in the paragraph's?
"Faith" by Stevie Wonder is the lead single from a sountrack for a 2016 film directed by who?
Aksel Hennie has appeared in films including The Martian and Hawaii, Oslo, but which 2011 detective film is he best known for?
The MG EX-E was inspired by a car sold mostly in what country?
What open canopy ecosystem is the principal exhibit of The Cape May County Park & Zoo?
What job/title do Mark Hunter and Jeffrey Walker have in common?
What is the ethnicity of the terrorist killed in a raid led by stealth helicopters in May 2011?
Dulux brand of paint is produced by a company heaquartered in what city?
What type air travel package can be purchased at a discounted price bythird largest global airline alliance?
21st AVN Awards was co-hosted by what American enterpreneur who has been called "The Queen of Porn"?
What major local business located in the city of Masan was established in 1933?
Domhnall Dubh died at the castle located near what Scottish city?
Who was traded for "The Jet"?
Who was the president of the International Olympic Committee during the 3rd olympic games speed skater Yūya Oikawa qualified for?
What is one of the American retail chain that is an anchor store of the Deerfield mall in Deerfield, Illinois?
The Study of Exceptional Talent was an outgrowth of the study that took place at the University located in what city?
Who was the actress in "who's the boss" Alyssa Milano or Jamie Luner?
Where was the album that features the song Outlaw Man recorded?
What were the prototype Big Daddy characters called in the sequel version of the BioShock series?
Herbert H. Dow founded a company headquartered in which City?
What was the highest ranking on the UK singles chart for the 1989 single from the hip hop group with the members Posdnuos, Dave and Maseo?
Between Cancer and Waste Land, which movie was released earlier?
What team was baseball player Cecil Fielder's son traded to in November 2013?
What is the birthday of the older person among Chelsea Noble and Kirk Cameron?
The actress best known for her role in the TV drama City Hall also starred in My Lover, Madame Butterfly that first aired when?
John Schnatter is the founder of the third largest take-out and pizza delivery chain in the US, and it has its headquarters where?
Which side of the Honolulu Rail Transit link is located in Honolulu County, Hawaii?
In what year was the single that Kuk Harrell won his fourth Grammy for producing released?
What is the title of the film that stars the 1998 Jnanpith Award winning actor Girish Karnad when it dubbed into Telugu?
What is the actor that starred in "Nakshatram" with Regina Cassandra, Sai Dharam Tej, Pragya Jaiswal, Prakash Raj, J. D. Chakravarthy, and Tanish known for?
What nationality is the director of She's Funny That Way?
Which female superhero fights alongside the love interest of Green Arrow in The World's Finest Team?
Which has more acts, Manon or Antony and Cleopatra?
The Parliament of the Klaipėda Region was disbanded after an ultimated was issued just five days after what?
Which film was created earlier, Audience of One or Amy?
Besides the Lithuanian Basketball League, which basketball league does Paulius Juodis' team play in?
Are The Life and Times of Hank Greenberg or A Brief History of Time both documentary films?
Who was born first, Andi Deris or Adam Levine?
K25NK-D is a low-power television station in a city who as of 2015 has a metropolitan area population of what?
Chris Crawford on Game Design contains a response about a life simulation game developed by who?
Which documentry came first The Climb or The City?
What form of math does Grigori Perelman and Askold Khovanskii have in common?
Which character did the three time BAFTA and BIFA awards winning actress portray in the British miniseries Run?
Where has Saad Nasim played Twenty20 cricket?
Where is the UK band from who's single is "Unfinished Business"?
What relation was Samuel P. Bush to the 41st President of the USA, George H. W. Bush?
Who owns the brand of gin inspired by the Star of Bombay?
The Louisville Ballet occasionally performs at the theatre on the east side of which street?
Which band with the album Modern Life is Rubbish was less popular in the UK due to Brett Anderson's Suede rising in popularity?
Which of the co-hosts of "SVP & Russillo" on ESPN Radio was born in West Tisbury, Massachusetts?
Who both founded Snyder Communications Inc and was a majority owner of the Washington Redskins?
Cherry Juice was originally serialized in a monthly "shōjo" magazine with a target demographic of what?
FC Andorra Futsal is a team based in the capital of what principality?
What was the occupation of Miss Lebanon from the last year Donald Trump owned the pageant?
The Hawaiian grouper is endemic around which atoll in the North Pacific?
Who was born first, Jack White or Fran Healy?
What was the last album U2 released before the song Breathe?
What is the release date of this third studio album by American hip hop artist Dr. Dre, which featured King Mez?
HMAS Lonsdale was located at the suburb southwest of what part of Melbourne?
On what operating systems the crowdfunded space simulator that Chris Roberts created is compatible with?
Regarding the Commonwealth Games, what do Canada and Wales have in common?
Unapologetic is an album that has a similar sound to Talk that Talk, and another album that was released on November 20, 2009, by what producers?
In which National Collegiate Athletic Association Division do the Bowling Green Falcons football team play in?
Between Talk Talk and Hunter Valentine, which band was formed earlier?
In what year did the American professional stock car racing driver that finished third in the September 5, 2010 Atlanta Motor Speedway was born?
Who founded the brewing company that sponsors the Tuborg Image Awards?
The We Are Family Foundation was founded by a musician who is famous for which guitar style?
How many Northern Ireland counties does Jacob Stockdale's rugby team cover?
Who potrays the characther Jessica Hamby in in a series produced by Marvel Television?
What band recorded a cover song on their album Live at Sirius from the artist whose debut album was "Five Leaves Left"?
What English actor starred as Claudius in the 1976 BBC Television adaptation I, Claudius?
In what city did Michael Skinner work for over 20 years as a magician-in-residence?
During which period Rositsa Yanakieva served as the Mayor of a city in Europe's 16th-largest country?
Recycler Tour was sponsored by the beer that is what percentage alcohol by volume?
Paul Spurrier had a credit in the 1978 British film directed by whom?
Which city has a higher population, Meihekou or Wugang, Hunan?
Worker: Worker: What country are both Hsinchu and Yushu City, Qinghai associated with?
What is the name of the book which serves as the basis for the film which Yang Yun-ho won the Best Adapted Screenplay nomination?
What administration did Mark Everson work for after American statesman and actor Ronald Reagan left office?
Who has had a longer partnership with Adam Sandler, Dennis Dugan or Florian Henckel von Donnersmarck?
Medea de Novara was known for her resemblance of an Empress who passed away in which year?
For what contribution did Simon van der Meer won the that is given by he Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences?
What type of surety was the Earl of Pembroke who participated in the battle at Lincoln castle in 1217?
What is the capital of the state Fred Mundee went to High School in?
On the Way to the Wedding is a historical romance written by an author whose novels have been translated into how many different languages?
The overthrown General in the Battle of Santa Clara lived in what U.S. state for a short period of time before he became a dictator?
James Harden previously played for which team?
Which band won an award at the 2006 Meteor Award with their eleventh studio album?
Which country was Pilot Officer Sydney "Timberoes" Carlin fighting against while serving as air gunner?
How is the city pronounced in Tamil that Kanniyakumari railway station serves?
Where was the Solo Cup Company previously located?
Which band is this Pakistani classical singer who released the album Tabeer lead vocalist of?
What subject did the composer of night music start through his collection and analytical study of folk music?
Roy "Pretty Boy" Shaw and Lenny "The Guv'nor" McLean were arch-rivals in what?
In which city is this abbey church located where Saint Fulrad was the abbot?
William Moxon Cook wrote for the first South Australian newspaper which was first published in what year?
Allied Signal purchased what company that is a multinational conglomerate company that produces a variety of commercial and consumer products, engineering services and aerospace systems?
Where does the co-writer of the lead single of Florida Georgi Line's third album currently live?
McDull, Kung Fu Kindergarten and Pokémon: Arceus and the Jewel of Life where both released on what year?
A Fermi resonance was explained by the creator of the world's first what?
What was the nickname of Anthony Salerno, a large cigar-chomping New York mob boss said to be involved in the killing of Tom "The Greek" Kapatos in 1977?
Edoardo Agnelli's mother was named to the International Best Dressed List Hall of Fame in what year?
For who does the driver who finished second in the 2015 Monaco GP2 series round currently race in?
When was the organization founded that promotes the Lucha Libre World Cup?
Grave Misconduct is a 2008 thriller film starring an American actress best known for her seven-year-long role on what sitcom?
Who had a more eclectic set of jobs in entertainment, Neil Jordan or George Schaefer?
Omar Sharif, who starred in the 1997 indie comedy film, Heaven Before I Die, won how many Golden Globe Awards?
Which filmmaker directed both dramas and comedies, David Gordon Green or Raoul Peck?
Who was the Spelling Bee that we held in 2011 at the hotel along the shores of the Potomac?
Which term refers to more than one type of drink, Blow Job or Shrub?
Who is the eldest, Amélie Mauresmo or Hana Mandlíková?
How many consecutive Gold Glove Awards did the third baseman on the 1970 Baltimore Orioles win?
The film "Alamo: The Price of Freedom" was about what 19th century American pioneer born in 1796, who had a pivotal role in the Texas Revolution and died at the Battle of the Alamo, and in the film was played by Steve Sandor?
What Bangor, Maine, brewery is located in a historic mill building?
"From a Buick 6" is a song from an album released by who?
What is the nationality of this stand up comedian and a friend of the guitarist/songwriter Billy Jenkins shown in the documentary spoof, Virus Called The Blues?
What organization does Susumu Ito and 442nd Infantry Regiment have in common?
What channel separates the island where Jacob L. Sawelson received his sons medal of honor, from Brooklyn?
Who was born first, Samantha Cristoforetti or Vladimír Remek?
Which college is in the US, Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman and Lawrence Technological University?
The woman that anchored "Our World" with Ray Gandolf was a Washington, D.C. correspondent for what network?
What coffee business is part of a holding company which owns another coffee business based in Minnesota?
One of the founders of lastminute.com is known as a philanthropist, a public servant, as well as a...?
The movie Machete starred Danny Trejo and which filmmaker?
The FREE Initiative was the first project endorsed by governments after an attack by a far-right terrorist who shot dead how many people at a summer camp?
When was the English actress, who starred in Frasier born?
Percy Williams Bridgman experimented with what two dependents of ductility?
The Keçiören Bağlumspor is a team that is from the second largest city, behind what former imperial capital?
These heads of powerful talking Olmec rulers were featured in what Nickelodeon show which aired from 1993 to 1995?
Which drink would be more likely to be served at a wedding, Mimosa or Blow Job?
Oliver Muirhead directed "A Christmas Held Captive", which is a type of musical comedy stage production that includes songs, gags, slapstick comedy, and dancing, and was developed where?
Where is the town where Flensborg Avis is published?
Anastasia Valeryevna "Nastia" Liukin tied for the third-highest tally of world championship medals with a former gymnast who was the Olympic balance beam champion in what year?
WIXV takes its I-95 branding from the main Interstate Highway on the east coast that crosses into Georgia from Florida at what point?
What place has both hosted Rocky Mountain Conservatory Theatre and part of an international network?
What movie did that actor born on October 30, 1945 originally be set to direct?
Did the inspiration for Transformers or Shadow Hunters come first?
Who played more seasons in the NFL, "Steve" Owens or "Tinker" Owens?
Which play that has starred Claire Bloom was written by Eugene O'Neill?
When does Jacqueline Kennedy's daughter born?
What country is Kristaps Porziņģis, the the current champion of the New York Knicks, from?
What team won a 2017 cricket match played at a cricket ground designed by famous architect and engineer Nasreddin Murat-Khan, and constructed by Mian Abdul Khaliq and Company in 1959?
Princess Wilhelmine Ernestine of Denmark was the third daughter of what king also known as Frederick II?
In what year did the man who was instrumental to the 2016 Australian federal budget become Prime Minister?
What is the complete name for the group whose debut studio album was Tri-Angle?
The fourth Baron Derwent served in the Conservative administration of which British statesman of the Conservative Party who served as Prime Minister from October 1963 to October 1964?
Keystone Lake is located about 23 miles from the second largest city in the state of Oklahoma, that ranks where in population in the United States?
Which movie did received the 2005 4th most attend Korean film of the year and starred a South Korean actor?
Was Brett Scallions in more bands as a lead vocalist than Trace Cyrus?
Who is the synthetic organic chemist that headed up group who designed the nanocar molecule in 2005?
Which man, Geoffrey Zakarian or Peter Orullian, is the executive chef of several restaurants in New York City, Atlantic City and Miami?
Were Metodi Andonov and Brian Henson from the same country?
What is the occupation of the "Harry Potter" character played by Alan Rickman?
What is the current population of the province where Sher Khan Nashir was governor?
How long is the river that divides the neighborhood of Downtown Miami?
What is one name for the Cassava after it is marketed as a paste and often served with palm nut soup?
Beaumont House is located in a suburb founded by who?
In which city is this historically black university located where Ron Dickerson served as the head football coach from 1998 through 1999?
White Settlement Independent School District is based in what second-largest state?
Charlotte Löwensköld is a novel by which Swedish author and teacher?
Which Zealand Institute of Business and Technology campus is located in a city with a population of 50,046?
Psalmus Hungaricus was commissioned by one of the founders of which musical discipline?
Ian Darke and Martin Tyler are known to be commentators for what sport?
What was the man that preceded Frederick IV of Hohenstaufen also known as in another language?
WHO DIRECTED A FILM WRITTEN BY THE ACTRESS WHO WAS MARRIED TO WOODY ALLEN AND APPEARED IN HIS EARLY FILMS?
What year was the football player drafted that Nick Collin intercepted in Super Bowl XLV?
Which manager under which 2002–03 Atlético Madrid season had a safe ride coached the Spain national team to victory at UEFA Euro 2008?
The site of The Rice Ridge Fire burning northeast of Seeley Lake occurred in what Montana county?
When was the song released that is considered the B side on the album "Nevermind"?
Who is the actor that starred in the film Behind Enemy Lines and also starred in the film Bottle Rocket?
The KVLY-TV mast is the fourth tallest structure in the world behind the megatall skyscraper that is how many stories in height?
Which band New Politics or Freeze the Atlantic was formed first?
Which realm was passed onto this duke whose father passed away before his birth and whose history was documented in the memoirs of Helene Kottanner?
Who was the corporate sponsor that had their name in front of the college football bowl game which featured a team in their 106th season lead by a second year coach beat Florida State University?
Which team that was founded in 1897 prevented the A.C. Milan from retaining their title in the 2004-05 season?
Which of the sport analyst of The Experts Network is nicknamed "The Iron Man"?
The Order of Saint Michael the Archangel and Maria Vladimirovna, Grand Duchess of Russia have both been involved with which house?
What actor from "Fury" was in a show directed by Johan Renck?
Bedtime Stories and The Good Dinosaur were produced by what american motion picture company?
Who has a wider scope of profession, Mark Salzman or Gabriel García Márquez?
What was the birth place of Woody Rock and the founding location of the American singing group Dru Hill?
Mainland Cheese if owned by a co-operative owned by how many New Zealand farmers?
What song was Rupert Homes widely known for that was recommended by "Billboard" for radio broadcasting in 1979?
Who is the lead songwriter of an English Heavy Meal Band who sang "Bring Your Daughter...to the Slaughter"?
Who directed the film that featured Nagoor Babu and the last appearance of Taruni Sachdev?
What was the first single on the Taylor Swift album which also contained a song originally written for Swift's high-school talent show?
Is David Allen or Dillian Whyte older?
Siberia Acoustic is a remix album by the Canadian musician and songwriter best known for which gold-certified albums?
Who did the QRA prioritize trying to intercept?
Which opera was perfomed first, Il tabarro or Candide?
The first movie exhibited in the Ottoman Empire was which 1895 French short black-and-white silent documentary film directed and produced by Auguste and Louis Lumière?
What is the Apple iPod 4G?
In which month was the man who directed Fallen Angels born?
Which Bhatha Jana star was married to producer P. Pullaiah?
Minnesota Independence Party candidate Tom Horner ran against what Republican candidate in the 2010 Minnesota gubernatorial election?
Of the two actors; Henry Lehrman and Charley Chase - which was also a comedian?
Hugh Selwyn Mauberly is a poem written by whom, six years after author T.S. Eliot moved to England?
What countr is Raquel Welch from when she acted on the show Bandolero!?
What is the nationality of the author of the novel that the film "Viva Max!" is based on?
Who was born first, Ahmad Nahavandi or Muhammad Iqbal?
Where was the Asia-Pacific War which 1st Armoured Division was retained in Australia following the outbreak of fought?
What common commodity do both Wayfair and Temple & Webster sell?
The Fairchild C-123 Provider has performed service for what type of force?
Who was born in 1979, and debuted a show in 2011, on Cartoon Network?
The LIU Post Pioneers have a football team that plays in which Division II conference?
What type of animal is the "Winnie the Pooh" character for whom Bud Luckey was the voice actor?
Who is the science fiction author, Samuel R. Delany or Harlan Coben?
Which of these documentaries was first to premier, This Film Is Not Yet Rated or Welcome to Leith?
Which band worked with Yoko Ono and John Lennon in their 1972 album that sparked controversy at the time due to its title and subject matter?
Where was the CETI created by Frank Drake and Carl Sagan in 1974 sent?
What does the company that sponsered the 2009 Grand National produce?
The House of Mecklenburg-Schwerinis considered extinct due to a civil code compiled when?
What year did the formal football player win the Pro Bowl that John Herbert Adler lost to in a congressional election?
Monoposto is held in the United Kingdom but where are the other Formula three championships held?
Stephen Farrell reported on the most destructive hurricane of what season, when it hit the northeastern United States?
What is the address of the theatre near the The Old Post Office Block in Manchester?
Angela Tincher pitched a no-hitter against the team that is now a member of what athletic conference?
The city where Thomas Carey died is the county seat of what county?
Lanxi, Zhejiang and Zhangzhou are both what type of city?
This actress stars in the 2015 series The Menu Who was the second runner-up in 1990 in what?
Are Shahe, Hebei and Zoucheng both county-level cities?
The bodyguard to the Empress of the Isles in the movie Dishonered has appeared in how many films in that universe?
Former Dominican-American Major League Baseball, Ruddy Lugo, attended a high school with notable alumni such as which 24th round pick of the Texas Rangers in the 1992 draft?
How far away from Marsciano is Perugia?
Andrew Mondshein edited the film "The Sixth Sense", which was directed by which American director?
Guaytán is a significant archaeological site from the Pre-Columbian era, representing the period before which settlers arrived in Central and South America?
Does Vanelle or Jane Arden have more tasks in their resume?
Who was born first, Robert Walser or Stephen Dixon?
What AFL team played there home games at the arena formerly known as the Rose Garden?
Which former player for Huntly in Scotland was followed as Pakistan one-day cricket captain by Sarfraz Ahmed?
Jean Fréchet was a good friend of which American chemist and peace activist?
Which singer is from country closer to Canada, Lovefoxxx or Nick Carter?
On what date was the 2016 studio album which had the song "Freedom" released?
The Hotel Darwin survived a 1974 cyclone that occurred during what holiday period?
Which genus has more species, Bursera or Berzelia?
Which Mexican drug cartel does its member murdered John Clay Walker?
Who released the Beatles album for which Hold Me Tight was first recorded but not selected for inclusion?
When was the soundtrack of the spin-off, sequel to the "Rocky" film series released?
What is the birthdate of this American professional basketball player who played for the Atlanta Hawks and who is the son of a retired American professional basketball player, head coach, and former General Manager of the National Basketball Association's Los Angeles Clippers?
What is the population of the town where McPherson Opera House is?
Who designed the casino hotel that Allard Roen managed in Paradise, Nevada?
Which Toronto Raptors basketball player is among many stars managed by Barry Klarberg?
What was the population in the 2011 census of the suburb Trish Flavel was born in?
Hurricane Fico was the longest-lived hurricane of the Pacific hurricane season that offically began on what date?
Where does the Glacier des Diablerets located?
In what city was the 50th Military Airlift Squadron's last assignment?
What epistles include references to key episodes of the life of the person who is the focus of Cento vergilianus de laudibus Christi?
Dim sum and Yum cha are both food-based traditions based on what people?
What album from Paul McCartney did the song Maybe I'm Amazed appear in?
What 1999 animated film, was created by one of Hollywood's "Bix Six" film studios, and based on a title character who's wife is named Jane?
Japanese artist Cornelius has been described as the modern-day equivalent of which legendary American singer, songwriter and producer?
What other role did George H. W. Bush have besides Director of Policy Planning in the State Department?
What American sports promotation company was started by the current CEO of Station Casinos?
The desmodromic valve engine, widely used by Ducati, uses cams and levers to close its valves in place of what conventional mechanism?
The American songwriting duo and composing team for musical theater, films, and television known for "Evan Hansen" wrote an originial song for the second season of which TV show?
Which man, Tim Rice or Studs Terkel, is best known for his collaborations with Andrew Lloyd Webber?
Which was released earlier, Kolejka or Bailout! The Game?
What is the name of the estuary surrounded by the delta containing Changzhou Island?
What country singer's album contained a song written by Paul McCartney?
What type of industry do Shaun Scott and Hugh Schulze have in common?
Which band was formed first Hot Snakes or Yellowcard?
Darin Adler was software programmer that developed a Macintosh adventure game called Déjà Vu before being the Technical lead for what company's operating system release?
The Ordnance QF Hotchkiss 6 pounder gun were introduced to defend against watercraft capable of independent operation underwater usually referred to as "boats" rather than what?
Q. What is the ethnic background of the director who founded the American film production company, 'Atomic Monster Productions'?
Which occupations do Jim Sheridan and Ian Schneider both share?
The person who appointed Eva Guzman to Place 9 on the Texas Supreme Court served in what president's cabinet?
The Woman in Red co-stars a former television what?
In which year did the reign of this emperor, who convoked the Second Council of Constantinople, end?
What race is the lieutenant governor of the state that held its primary for her election on May 19th, 2015?
What is another name for Banshee that BadB is compared to because of her shrieking?
Which American film, theater and television actress and director was featured in a sitcom starring Tony Danza?
What was the revenue of the group in 2015 who's former Chief Executive was Jean-François René Pontal?
What descriptor is assigned both to those born in Zaire and the government of present-day Zaire?
Are Purbanchal University and California State University, Northridge, both public universities?
What is the current capacity of the stadium used by a team coached by Mickey Arthur?
Freddy Rodriguez played what character in the 2007 American zombie film directed by Robert Rodriguez?
Alex Christophe Dupont is a French film director whose notable works include a French-German fantasy drama film that competed for what at the 2012 Cannes Film Festival?
Who won the Miss Universe competition when Natalie Kornitsik was a competitor?
The director of US National Intelligence from September 1973 to January 1976 appeared in what 1996 CD-ROM game?
Who is one actor from Winner Takes Al and was born December 25,1913?
What refers to more species, Plantago or Metasequoia?
The creater of von Neumann's inequality, was what nationality?
What is the channel of the radio station that serves the consolidated city-county that is the sixth largest city in the state?
Which Top 40 radio station owned by CBS Radio is located in Brighton, Boston?
Hiroyuki Tamakoshi has illustrated for the manga created and written by whom?
When was the publishing company of The American Journal of Surgery established?
Think for Yourself was a song that marked the emergence of George Harrison's songwriting acument along with which other December 1965 release?
Who passed away first Beyene Merid or Haile Selassie?
Which sport did both Tijani Babangida and Marc Overmars play?
In which Soviet/Italian film starring Oleg Yankovsky, Domiziana Giordano, and Erland Josephson does Andrei Tarkovsky reveal his film making philosophy?
Mercedes-Benz W124 replaced which model of executive cars?
Arturo's right hand man was arrested for what charges in August 2010?
Who is older, Steve Perry or Constantine Maroulis?
What was the name of the Italian bolt-action, magazine-fed, repeating military rifle that Lee Harvey Oswald used to assassinate U.S. President John F. Kennedy?
Which American banjo player was featured in the album "Once in a Very Blue Moon"?
Which person associated with "The Evil Eye" film is in the National Jewish Sports Hall of Fame?
Who plays more instruments, Brian E Roberts form The Hollow Men or Charlie Simpson?
What poem, edited by Alistair Campbell, references an English victory in 937?
Which American actress is known for her role as Rachel Lapp in the1985 American crime thriller film directed by Peter Weir?
In what year was the teacher that branded a student with a cross born?
In what year was the company that owns the IWGP Tag Team Championship founded?
What year was the person Kimberly J. Monaghan-Derrig replaced in the Maine House of Representatives born?
Who took Trevor Knight's starting position at quarterback on the Oklahoma Sooners college football team in the 2015 season?
Which premiered first, the TV series Eden of the East or the movie Mary and Max?
What is this Danish charter airline headquartered in Copenhagen which resulted from merging of two airlines and operates at Copenhagen Kastrup Airport?
What party is the governor who Karen Jackson served as Deputy Secretary of Technology under?
Which year did Harley-Davidson finish first and third in the 250cc world championship? Water Villa and Franco Bonera were the riders.?
Who was Hemingway's publisher for the novel that brought the festival of San Fermin to the attention of English speakers?
How many nations participated in the Winter Olympics where Jesse Väänänen placed 22nd in the individual sprint event?
What actor besides the one with two Golden Globe Awards and four Primetime Emmy Awards is a client of Greater Talent Network?
In what country was the father of Thorvald Eiriksson born?
What city in New York, previously known as Little Cow Harbor, has the historic John Harned House?
The tv program "Ocean of Fear" recounts the sinking of a ship that served as the flagship for who in 1943 and 1944?
Which former fashion model wrote Sweet Baby for Erreway?
Are Ryūichi Hiroki and Maurice Elvey both film directors?
What type of leaden does Gertrude of Brunswick and Henry V, Holy Roman Emperor have in common?
Road trains are common on Highway 118 between what park and highway?
Was Doñana National Park established as a nature reserve before or after Caldera de Taburiente National Park became a national park, that is which was first to receive its designation?
Who costarred as John Carroll Lynch's brother in his most recent film?
What is the birthdate of this mother of three-time Heavyweight Champion, who was married to Cassius Marcellus Clay Sr.?
Which 2010 book was written by the eldest child of Queen Elizabeth II?
What Rwandan president led the Rwandan Patriotic Front?
Miguel Arteta Is a Puerto Rican director while Terrence Malick is what?
What other public job did Jesse Ventura's challenger in the Minnesota 1998 election hold?
Who sings By the way and Universally speaking?
Are both Tímea Babos and Shelby Cannon American tennis player?
Did Lewis Mumford and Truman Capote share the same nationality?
In which year was this American musician who wrote all songs of the album "Brighten the Corners" born?
Who released a mixtape featuring Herbert Anthony Stevens IV in 2014?
What is the birthyear of the actress that starred as Fiona on the USA Network TV series that originally aired from June 28, 2007 to September 12, 2013?
Radio Iodine and Rocket from the Crypt are both what?
What is the name of the place where a Vegas strip show featuring Olivia Newton John in 2014 and scheduled to end in 2015 called?
What former unified light-welterweight world champion helped found the Super Boxing League?
In what area did the President of Mexico between 1934 and 1940 live in?
John Inman played a role on the comedy show that was on what British television station?
Who played as the lead actor in Amez-vous Brahmas in 1961?
The Haverhill Historical Society Historic District is located in what county?
What building build in 1906 was the site of the Final Battle 2006 event for professional wrestling?
What song, originally composed by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, was performed by Elizabeth de la Porte in South Africa?
What is the 2010 population of the city in which John Adams School is located within?
Katharine Kerr and Gwendolyn Brooks both sci-fi novelists?
What is the birthdate of the author that Tim Jacobus illustrated for?
Which magazine is more informative National Geographic or Men's Fitness?
What type of person does Deirdre Connelly and Andrew Witty have in common?
Are both Billy Milano and Luca Prodan considered American singers?
What type of painting work is the illustrator of Chaos Marauders is also known for?
Which woman was executed first, Karla Faye Tucker or Margie Velma Barfield?
Who is noted for their work on the history of Egypt's largest Christian church?
Who was born first, Miguel Ángel Asturias or Kurt Vonnegut?
Are both University of Chicago and University of Oklahoma private universities?
What was republished by Dark Horse Comics' surrounding the team-based first person shooter video game?
Which band is based in the US, The Mountain Goats or Feeder?
Pumpkin Ale is created by adding pumpkin flesh to what, a vital component in the fermentation process?
Which has more stories, Carnegie Hall Tower or 56 Leonard Street?
Which building will be taller, One Manhattan Square or 56 Leonard Street?
When was the hip hop group formed in which Melvin Glover was a pioneers of rap as lead rapper?
When was the older brother of "Malcolm Subban" born?
What is the annual revenue of American gaming corporation who owned Harrah's Ak-Chin Casino?
Adebayo Akinfenwa was a star in the 2006 Football League Trophy Final, but know plays for this team?
How far from Boston was Bruins player Jay Miller raised?
Dan Shor played Billy the Kid in which 1989 science fiction comedy film?
During which years did the sketch comedy television series, in which Simon Farnaby was a principal cast member, run?
What type of meeting place does Roe v. Wade and Gonzales v. Raich have in common?
What is the state in which one of the Quill Foundation's supporters is located?
Which drummer was Roger Daltrey's solo album, "Under a Raging Moon" dedicated to, who was also posthumously inducted into the "Modern Drummer" Hall of Fame in 1982?
What profession does Nabil Ayouch and Alex Kendrick have in common?
Jonathan Smith's song is one of three covers on an album released by what group?
The same man who released a remix of Rhinna's seventh studio album, made another remix of what song in which one of the creators include Calvin Harris?
Mary Ann Parkinson's husband hosted what talk show from 1971 to 1982 and from 1998 to 2007?
Where was the English rock band who made the album Rank formed?
Where is the executive office of the company of which Young & Rubicam is a member?
What role did the player that Vince Bartram was an understudy of play during his career?
Who wrote the book Lost Girls, based on killings by John Albert Gardner?
Which saxophone hit was both covered by Chet Atkins and used as Benny Hill's signature tune?
X2 was directed by the film director who is the founder of what production studio?
Who is older, Bret Michaels or Marcus Mumford?
When was the Norwegian musician who plays a fretted string instrument with three or four strings born?
Demofoonte was an opera by the composer who was part of what period?
Which high school was opened in 2015 in the second most populous city of Leavenworth County, Kansas?
Where was the man for whom Lynne Fenton gained notoriety arrested?
Who is older, Edgar Wright or Ulli Lommel?
Who wrote more novels, Jim Henson or Khady Sylla?
Maud Solveig Christina Adams is a Swedish actress known for the character in the thirteenth entry in which film series?
If North Kent College were in Paris what would it be called?
Who produced the film winning the most awards at the 36th Annual Annie Awards?
What brand mascot that was later used by Eagle Brand was voiced in commercials by an actress who also voiced a character in "Astro Boy"?
This Ghanaian footballer was a notable graduate of SC Bastia Reserves and Academy?
If you are taking the M2 motorway to one of the Northern Ireland's most busiest airport what airport are you going to?
Are Huckleberry and Waldsteinia the same type of plant?
Which team did Steve Michael Henson coach that play in the Big 12 Conference?
Where is the main hub of the airline that sponsors a tournament at the Crete Golf Club?
What's another name for the style of music that Ora Alexander performed?
Is Achillea or Miltonia an orchid genus?
In which film Willy Switkes and an actor, who won the Academy Award for Best Actor in 1989 for "Rain Man", appeared as a passenger in a taxi?
What is the name of the person who R Lee Ermy played his character in Prefontaine film and who is also an American track and field coach and co-founder of Nike Inc?
Which of the owners of "Women of Wrestling" was born in September 26, 1961?
Which Ottoman sultan who ruled for two periods in the 15th century was served by the first governer of the Sanjak of Bosnia?
What was the original stage name of the artist who recorded the song element?
How many books has the author of The Ealdwood Stories written?
John Hansen was a Danish footballer who played which position nearest to the opposing team's goal, and are therefore most responsible for scoring goals?
Where was the European Cup held when Des Bremner was a member of the Aston Villa's winning team?
Sir Curtis Alexander Pricewas the Warden of a college founded in 1379 by who?
Which building is taller, the Bertelsmann Building or CitySpire Center? CitySpire Center?
Which 1968 Beatles' song, which is written by Paul McCartney but credited to the song partnership Lennon-McCarney, opens the double-disc album "The Beatles" and then seques into "Dear Prudence"?
Which of the song sang by Agostino Rovere in Royal Opera House in London is an operatic "dramma giocoso" in two acts by Gioachino Rossini?
Which 2006 British-American mockumentary comedy film was Bad Grandpa a reminiscent?
Which character is nicknamed "The Mountain" and played by Hafþór Júlíus Björnsson in the TV version of Game of Thrones?
Social Reform or Revolution was written by the theorist who was of what descent?
In what country was the car made which won the 2009 Speed World challenge in the Touring Car championship?
Which restaurant offers frozen pizzas, Home Run Inn or Bertucci's?
Franck Khalfoun directed the 2007 horror film that starred whom?
Who produced the British-American adventure film which John Hoesli directed?
What specific field of epistemology is the author who published Kuhn vs. Popper also published in?
What is the population within the city limits of the city where the company Sibur is headquartered?
What role does Ghanashyam Nayak play in India's longest running sitcom serial?
Cambridge Animation Systems was used by the British studio that was headquartered in what part of Manchester?
Which state was populated by the expanse of the Oregon Trail, which can also be found in the Palouse region of the United States?
Which National Basketall Association (NBA) team won the championship the year Rudy Tomjanovich's career ended?
The small town where part of Ewe people came from is a capital of where?
Are Baltasar Kormákur and John G. Avildsen both film producers?
Which co-owner of Rainer-Wurz won Le Mans 24 Hours twice?
The cathedral where Lionel Renfrey was the dean of from 1966 until 1997 is in what Australian province?
Were both Gail Godwin and Susan Sontag American writers?
What year was the bass singer who left Boyz II Men in 2003 born?
Who was born first Philip Glass or William Walton?
How many people live in the area maintained by the Cherokee National Forest?
Chris Douridas is a DJ at the radio station that is based in the beachfront city in what California county?
Which plant has more species, Ruta or Tobacco?
What Fatal Instinct star had her first major role on the ABC sitcom "George Lopez"?
What daughter of William Godwin is most famous for the fictional monster she created?
What was the original name of the dam that serves as the northern boundary of the Topock Marsh?
Which American fantasy drama television series is "Nimue" the seventh episode of the fifth season?
Were the Battle of Antietam and Operation Undertone both during World War I?
Corey Sanders oversees operations at a hotel and casino on what street in Paradise, Nevada?
Where did Thailand host the inaugural games that included swimming, diving and water polo events?
The cargo aircraft that was made infamous during the 1988 Kuwait Airways Flight 422 hijacking is also known for what distinctive physical feature?
When completed, which building will probably be closer to Central Park, 55 Hudson Yards or 432 Park Avenue?
Which is considered a genus level classification, Apera or Gunnera manicata?
How many series, of documentary series, of which Fossil Detectives was a spin off, have been broadcast?
Do Gerhart Hauptmann and Rex Stout have an occupation in common?
FOR HOW LONG DID NOBEL PEACE PRIZE WINNER, INVOLVED IN UNEF ESTABLISHMENT, PRIME MINISTER OF CANADA?
Who is directing the upcoming thriller film featuring music by shaan?
When was the building that was built for the Minnesota National Guard in 1935–36 demolished?
In what city did Amir Khan and Lamont Peterson fight for the welterweight titles in 2011?
The original work by Anton Chekhov involving a disillusioned schoolmaster, which inspired a later play by this British playwright, was written specifically for whom?
Who lived earlier Ambroise Thomas or Jacopo Peri?
Which Double Agent actor was also a professional wrestler?
What business was founded in Portland, Oregon in 1963 by Robert E. "Bob" Farrell?
Who is older, Sergio Casal or Gabriela Sabatini?
What section of the military is the Corps area and the National Guard of the United States?
O'Sheas Casino is a casino located within which 2,640-room hotel, casino and shopping promenade on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada?
Skip Bayless has a program with the NFL tight end who played for which two teams?
On which date did this conflict between North Korea and South Korea begin in which Don C. Faith Jr. served as an officer in the United States Army?
Are Tomáš Šmíd and Dick Crealy both Australian tennis players?
FC Stumbras plays its home matches in what Lithuanian town?
What singer-songwriter with the middle name Alison has won the "Billboard" Music Award for Top Female Artist more than once?
The entrepreneur behind the cancelled Eurovegas project owns what Israeli daily newspaper?
James Isaac "Preacher" Pilot was the first player since which American football player, military pilot, and sports broadcaster known as "Old 98"?
Are Weimaraner and Can de Palleiro the same type of animal?
Which mountain, Nuptse or Gasherbrum III, is tallest?
The writer of Unbeaten Tracks in Japan founded what hospital in Srinagar?
Fatherfucker is a studio album by which Canadian Singer?
John Daly was the protégé of a man that was the criminal leader of what gang?
Valerio Binasco, played which character in the self-titled adaption directed by Carlo Cecchi in 1999?
Lumpy skin disease, which affects the African buffalo, is caused by which virus?
What honor in baseball do both Delmer Ennis and Stan Musial hold?
Under which President of the United States, Isaac Wayne MacVeagh was served as the 36th Attorney General of the United States?
Who has more middle names, Basil Bunting or Mario Benedetti?
Jeffrey Combs who starred in the "Night of the Living Dead 3D" prequel, also appeared in what science fiction franchise?
What is the population of the place where Daniel Vertangen was born?
Are Ken Lloyd and Aaron Barrett both songwriters in their respective bands?
Which tennis player, Pieter Aldrich or Fred Stolle, is the father of former Australian Davis Cup player Sandon Stolle?
Jeep Gladiator is based on this car that was sold and produced from 1963 to when?
Sunray is a community located south of which Route that was established in 1926?
Where are the headquarters of the company which made The NCR Voyager?
Where was the father of Sue Grafton educated?
Which opera was composed first, Venus and Adonis or Saul og David?
The mask based on the painting designed by which costume company showed an agonized expression against a landscape with a tumultuous orange sky?
The Town of Hempstead in New York, United States is in what New York State Senate district?
For what video games has the writer and illustrator of Kajika designed characters for?
What was the economic crisis that led to the defeat of the President who had been Governor of New York at the beginning of the 52nd New York State Legislature?
What characteristic is shared by Deadpool and Taskmaster?
Which genus has more species, Goldenrod or Boykinia?
A Manx cat has what feature that affects its body type?
The modern version of the series directed by Dave Wasson used which type of animation?
Turbidimetric inhibition immunoassay may be used to test your blood if you have what condition?
Irish unionists use the two nations theory as a basis for opposing a movement that agitated for self-government that was the dominant political movement of Irish nationalism until when?
Which actor starred in both As I Lay Dying and Milk?
What film in the HTTYD franchise was written and directed by Dean DeBlois?
What Nevada city is the largest in Elko county and is homes to a NWS office?
What is the parent company of the company that distributes Afro Samurai in Australia?
At My Window was released by which American singer-songwriter?
What is the debut single of the band known as Tohoshinki in Japanese releases and sometimes referred to as DBSK?
Who is the lead actor in the film that Canadian visual effects producer Dane Allan Smith is best known for?
Carrie Ann Inaba was a judge for a show that was featured on what television network?
Todd Wilson is an organist in what state at one of the largest home in the US?
Melatonin MAgik is an album by an artist born in what year?
In what army is Mehmetçik slang for a common a common soldier?
What profession does Werner Schroeter and Todd Haynes have in common?
The Moore-Mayo House is in what Maine county?
Are Glowtini and Flirtini both types of cocktail?
What kind of airbase is the airport that only China United Airlines uses commercially?
Kelsey Ross Brokes is associated with what Costa Mesa, California-based clothing company?
Who is a sponsor of Hollywood playhouse that also was founded in Albany, New York?
In what year was the producer of "Night of the Living Dead: Darkest Dawn" born?
What documentary had more directors: Dalai Lama Renaissance or Salesman?
Which "South Park" creator was born on May 26, 1971?
Where did the anthropomorphic retired race car which Paul Leonard Newman voiced as appears in?
What event did the adament supporter of a leading figure of the Mexican Revolution and main leader of the peasant revolution in the state of Morelos witness when he was seven years old?
Which city includes the bank Liam John Coleman is the chief executive officer of?
San Giorgio is the Italian name for a saint who was a martyr of which religion?
Jonas Rivera's film, Inside Out, was released in 2015 by which studio?
Which soft drink beverage recipe has been owned by more companies than the other, Grapico or Corona?
What is the name of the novel by the best selling author alive and the fourth bestselling fiction author of all time that has features St. Tropez as the background?
Roman Karmen and Li Yang were both What?
Which film was created earlier, Buy Bye Beauty or Thinking XXX?
Which stand-alone chamber vocal piece was written by an Italian opera composer in 1835?
Justin Warfield released a hip hop album that featured production from the producer of what dual nationality?
Where was the university at which Donald N. Langenberg served on the Board of Trustees at the located?
Silvano Martina works for a reitred professional footballer who was part of what national team from 2002 to 2011?
Who was born earlier, Max Mirnyi or Melanie Oudin?
Are Kim Tae-woo and Toshiko Koshijima from the same continent?
What was the estimated population, in 2016, of the city for which Simon Scott designed artwork for some of the most visually engaging restaurants, clubs and bars?
How many members are in the the triad portrayed in the movie "The Tragic Fantasy - Tiger of Wanchai"?
Hell on Earth is a series by the author of what nationality?
What is the nationality of the person who wrote "The Universal Solvent"?
Where does the team Bill Fennelly coaches play their home games?
Which band was active first, Adam Again, or R.E.M.?
Which ride, at a San Diego amusement park, mimics whitewater rafting?
When was the English actor starred in "The Emperor's New Clothes" born?
Who has worked in the in American filmmaking for a longer time, Jack Nicholson or Ray Taylor?
Who was born first Dashiell Hammett or Louis Bromfield?
Eric Kissinger currently plays for an outdoor socker team that plays in which region?
The company that owns the Brent field is headquartered in what country?
Which other member of Ernie and the Automatics appeared in a band with John Thomas Hashian?
When was the Jane Austen novel released in which Tom Hollander starred in the movie version?
Jujubee is best known as a contestant on Season 2 of a reality competition series produced by what company?
What nationality is the star of the 2003 film “The Cooler”?
Which professional tennis player has received a higher WTA ranking, Anabel Medina Garrigues or Hsieh Su-wei?
What type of genre did Robery Ranke's Graves White Goddess fit into?
When was the American television, film, and stage actress born who joins cast of Season 3 of Being Human series as the witch Donna who is responsible for bringing back Sally?
The village that is served by The Hastings-on-Hudson Metro-North Railroad station is in what New York county?
Which league did Martin Gerber from the team Mighty Ducks of Anaheim a part of?
What profession did both P. G. Wodehouse and Mordecai Richler take up?
What type of city is the Ford Motor Company's Mcity?
Are both Pedro Sienna and Harry L. Fraser both American film directors?
\When was the Scottish-born scientist, inventor and engineer died who formed "Silver Dart"?
Which is a type of succulent, Hoya or Beschorneria?
Who is the American musician and singer who performed a version of the traditional English folk song "The Cuckoo" and began his performance career at Southern Appalachian medicine shows?
Which creator of "Servant of the Empire" also illustrates their own work?
Do both people of Armenian descent, Richard Hagopian and Albert Kapikian, have occupations of the similar nature?
Ricco Rodriguez competes in a division where the lowest weight allowed is what?
Which Menninger brother was older, William or Karl?
Which French crime drama starred Antonythasan Jesuthasan, writer of The Sunshine?
What trophy was won in 2016 by the brother of Gasper Kopitar?
The fast-food restaurant chain that sells the Baconator sandwich was founded by who?
Did the Northland Pyrite Mine and Thompson-Lundmark Mine contain more than just gold?
In what city is Ken Bolek's baseball academy located?
The girls in the show in which Katie Leigh played Alex are in what California city?
Who founded a settlement in the area of modern-day US Navy base located next to Warrington, Florida in 1698?
What actress born 12 February 1967 is the sister of an actor born 22 December 1962?
Which documentary series included an episode discussing the album including songs composed by Gedy Lee and Alex Lifeson with lyrics by Neil Peart telling a story set in a dystopian future?
Aniki-Bóbó is akin to a children's counting rhyme that has existed in various forms since well before when?
Which opera has more acts, Faust or Mignon?
The World Food Championships were moved to the pedestrian mall in what city as of 2013?
When was the book by J.R.R. Tolkien that Bilbo Baggins is the title character and protagonist originally published?
Are Satoshi Kon and Joshua Dugdale both documentary producers?
Dead Friend is an example of a genre of films which began to experience renewal in which decade?
In which country are Wellingrove, New South Wales and Glen Innes, New South wales located?
1951 Sugar Bowl included an Oklahoma player who won the Heisman in what year?
Where is a road named after the author of February Dragon located?
Are Baoding and Lengshuijiang in the same province in China?
What award-winning journalist did Phyllis Coates play?
Frankie Valli was in what band with former Royal Teens keyboard and tenor vocalist?
Does Vasek Pospisil have a higher tennis World singles ranking than Michael Stich?
When Ronald Koeman became the manager of Southampton F.C., the person he replaced went on to become the manager of what?
Which breed of dog has more variety of colors, teh Old Danish Pointer or the King Charles Spaniel?
Super Bowl XIX was played between the San Francisco 49ers and a team the year before lost to which team in the playoffs?
What type of disturbance does Effects of Hurricane Matthew in Haiti and have in common?
Which merican college football coach led The Vandals?
Second VA-174 was a squadron based at the Navy base located in what Florida county?
Which successful American immigrant was born most recently, Varaz Samuelian or Samuel Der-Yeghiayan?
The Cheena Kottaram encompasses a wide range of both secular and religious styles from the foundation of what?
Ross C. Goodman's mother was born in what year?
Martellus and Michael Bennett have played for several teams, but what team have they both played for in the past?
A airline headquartered in Wilmington Air Park does what for Amazon Prime Air?
The group that were the singing voices of the Be Sharps on The Simpson's episode "Homer's Barbershop Quartet" have performed at Walt Disney World since what year?
How many number one singles as a solo artist does Mark Bryan's former band mate have?
Is it true that both Cycads and Carpentarias are both plants that grow in different regions?
What bowl game featured a team coached by Mike Leach in 2012?
What company formed in 1978 has Simon Arora as its CEO?
What prize was won by the the scientist who identified the Hodgkin cycle?
Faith Goldy was fired for an interview she gave to which neo-Nazi news site?
Which is farther west, Negus Mine or Temagami-Lorrain Mine?
Which one of The Wreckers singers also sang the song "A Women Needs"?
Who published the Journey Into Mystery comic in 1960s and the 90s and 2010s?
For which film did the actress, who recorded the song Coming Home, receive the Best Actress Academy Award?
When did the American singer-songwriter, best known as a solo performer release her debut album?
What is the town in which Berghof is Located in?
2017–18 Everton F.C. and the 2017–18 Premier League both compete in what sport?
What 3D film attraction located at Disney's Hollywood Studios was used to give guests of ElecTRONica a sneak preview of the 2010 film ""?
Where was both E-40 and Celly Cel from?
Who was married to the woman known as Jackie O until his assassination in 1963?
What is the name of this census-designated place with a population of over 25,000, that is the home of the WFTU college radio station?
Are both Greg Graffin and David Paton bass players?
Stan Lee was an editor, film executive producer, and publisher, but what other title did he hold that he has in common with Susan Straight?
Which documentary was produced by more people, Great Old Amusement Parks or The Devil Came on Horseback?
Are Grand Forks International Airport and McCarran International Airport both located in the Midwest US?
What is the name of the band that the producer of the album Chaos and Creation in the Backyard is best known for working with?
What was the name of the bathyscape invented by the builder of the FNRS-1?
In between Xinji and Shanghai which one is located in the Yangtze River Delta?
What is the name of the international company set up in 1977 by English composer and impresario of musical theatre whose well-known works include "The Phantom of the Opera" and "Jesus Christ Superstar"?
Who is the father of the composer of Usher House?
Which former Major League Baseball outfielder was part of those who set a record for most Jewish players on a team at once since the expansion era.?
19th-century Norwegian violinist Ole Bull was compared to which celebrated Italian virtuoso of the time?
What NBA Finals featured two of the most storied franchises in the NBA who had faced each other six times in the 1960's?
Which of the lower keys is served by the bridge that crosses over the Pigeon Key Historic District?
What song, written by Taylor Swift during her freshman year of high school, was included in her third studio album, "Speak Now"?
When is the movie "Mortal Engines" coming out that an actor that played in "Misfits" is starring in?
The final episode in "A Song of Ass and Fire," season was what number episode?
What show included an actress who was also in a show set in modern-day San Francisco?
Which city is located in the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Guyuan or Hezhou?
Hawaii Route 8930 lies on what island?
Are both Baltasar Kormákur and Herbert Achternbusch filmographers?
When was the Brewing Company that bought 19.9% of Short's Brewing Company founded?
Who was the 2010 Wimbledon Championships – Women's Doubles defending champion who played alongside Venus Williams and who some commentators, players and sports writers regard as the greatest female tennis player of all time?
What is the name of the Professor who used the term "worlds funniest joke" at a United Kingdom University for research?
An Innocent Man includes cover art that is part of a neighborhood in what borough of New York?
The film Old St. Paul's is set in what year?
Jody Wagner acted as Virginia Secretary of Finance in the Cabinet of a governor born in which year?
Where was Tom L. Ward a Prominent businessman and philanthropist, and the company he founded, Chesapeake Energy Corporation, located?
In which shows was the character who was portayed by an American actor, voice actor, comedian, producer, director, writer, singer, and activist born in 1955?
What album featured the song Innervision by the band featuring Shavo Odadjian on bass?
Which river lies next to the town where Sidney Adams was born in 1904?
Which period in German history came to an end thanks in part to material aid supplied to the Soviet Union by an Arctic convoy?
In what county of Massachusetts was Robert V. Bruce born?
This 2009 computer-animated science film, starring the voice of Elijah Wood is an adaption of a 2005 student project from which University?
What are the current uses of the building known as Hitler's mountain retreat?
Max Yergan worked with which communist Rutgers College graduate?
In which country did Marek Cholewa first play hockey in the Winter Olympics?
Bottom Points railway station is on a heritage railway system that is situated near this town?
Were Douchan Gersi and Serge de Poligny both authors?
How many episodes were in the first season of the NBC supernatural drama series in which the premier was October 28, 2011 and lasted until March 31, 2017?
Yi Guan's research on the viral respiratory disease allowed the Chinese government to successfully avert which outbreak?
Are Anaïs Lameche and Dexter Holland both American musicians?
When did the series that Tyler Ross stars in with Josh Duhamel premier?
What actress from the 1999 movie The Virgin Suicides has won two golden globes and been nominated for an academy award?
Which tennis player won ten Grand Slam titles, Betty Stöve or Stan Smith?
Coko and Justine Frischmann both enjoyed what music profession?
Where is the head office of the company that developed No issue, lelo tissue located?
The composer of Prelude in F-sharp minor was born in what year?
Frank Lobman beat The World's Most Dangerous Man, Ken Shamrock in which sport?
The Boston Martyrs were executed for disobeying a law banning them from where?
Satoru, a Japanese verb meaning "to know" or "understand", is the root of the Zen Buddhist word meaning what?
Colonel Joesph Hardin, Sr. joined what group that was composed of American frontiersmen from west of the Appalachian Mountains who took part in the American Revolutionary War?
Khwezi is a producer who has worked for an American rapper and singer from what city?
Girl Alone was sponsored by an American multinational food manufacturing company that produces cereal and convenience foods, and is headquartered where?
What is the birthdate of this Danish former American football kicker and All-American at Michigan State University, who missed a 30-yard field goal with less than a minute remaining in the 1996 Jacksonville Jaguars season?
Jo Woodcock appeared in which adaptation of Oscar Wilde's best-known novel in 2009?
Lokomotiv Yaroslavl was founded in 2011 after the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash, a disaster that killed almost everyone on board except who?
Gary McCaffrie has collaborated with the actor and comedian of what nationality?
After appearing in his first Cricket World Cup final in 2007, what award did Aleem Dar of Pakistan win for three consecutive years from 2009 to 2011?
Jean Loring was the primary love interest of Dr. Ray Palmer, who's also known as what?
Who is older, Margaret Landon or W. H. Auden?
What type of classical music does the song Ovvoru Pookalume belong to?
In what month was the Genoa Cricket and Football Club promoted to Serie A?
How long is the trail 2 miles from Hanakapiai Beach?
Who wrote the movie in which the song "Nirvana" was used?
Mike Miller, former Memphis Grizzlies' player, was traded to the which team and went on to win back-to-back championships?
Which musician is younger, Harry Wayne Casey or John Reis?
Which structure was most recently created, 40 Wall Street or The New York Times Building?
What media commentator and businessman won the XII Race of Champions?
What is the area (in km²) of the country that Maya Sazonova is from?
One of five brothers, what nephew of BJJ co-founder became one of the first twelve foreign nationals to have earned a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu?
The second place finisher of the 2011 Gran Premio Santander d'Italia drove for who when he won the 2009 FIA Formula One World Championship?
The Rachel Papers starred which actress who VH1 named #84 on its 100 Greatest Teen Stars list in 2006?
What sports club is located in the federal capital of Argentina?
Farren Blackburn directed what British crime drama?
Who was hired into Huddersfield Town's football club in 1997, and helped them win the Division Three play-off in 2004?
What training does Ben Simmons receive from his sports psychology coach?
Were Newsweek and Us Weekly founded in the same year?
What Government document which includes 10 amendments did Richard Bellingham sign?
The Big Melt was made by Jarvis Cocker and filmmaker Martin Wallace, who was La Quinceañera made by?
What language is spoken at both Lipscomb University and University of Debrecen?
João António dos Anjos Rocha is the president of a sports club based in what city?
Which Japanese soccer star plays for Borussia Dormond and appeared on the cover of Pro Evolution video game?
Who was born first, Clarice Lispector or Gao Xingjian?
Among the Allies of World War II what United States armed force did the highest ranking official to die on D-Day serve?
In the 1950-51 Syracuse Nationals season, the team lost in the division finals to a team that currently plays its home games in what building?
Cockburn John Charles Academy is located in what historical area of Leeds?
When was the author of the "R" is for Ricochet, a novel from a series of mystery novels, born?
Where did the older brother of Michael Dean Perry play college football?
Where are popular events often held in Wayville?
What British gardening expert wrote a supporting foreword for a publication by Marion Evans?
How many seasons did a retired NBA player who was traded for Shaquille O'Neal play?
When was the Australian rules football club in which Greg Taube played for extablished?
What first "James Bond" novel villain is the title character in a 1962 British Film starring Sean Connery and Ursula Andress?
On Sandy and Junior's debut album, what was the name of the cover song written by an instrumental duo consisting of siblings Karen (1950-1983) and Richard Carpenter?
Which film was released first, Smith! or The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh?
Are Henry Lehrman and Chris Marker both actors?
One of the cover athletes for the game NCAA Football 10 was drafted by the New York Jets in what round?
Which premiered first Macross Frontier or The Secret of Kells?
Who developed the American television series which Eddie Jemison was known for his role in?
What year was the movie released that starred the Australian actor and model who won the Most Popular New Male Talent Logie Award in 2010?
The singer of the album Trust, Love, Pray is best known for which 1985 duet with Phil Collins?
On which date was the novel, on which the film "Luv Ka The End" was loosely based, published?
Jolt Cola and Sprite Ice are both types of what?
What is the birth year of this American rapper, singer, song writer, record producer, record executive, and actor who starred in Half Past Dead 2?
When did the civilisation start that Desalpar Gunthli was a part of?
Are the Huangyan District and Yichun, Jiangxi in the same Providence of China?
What is th name of the play, written by Tennessee Williams, that starred Simone Kirby?
When was the former international footballer for the French national team who starred in "French Film" born?
Name a golf course located southeast of the U.S. state of Florida's largest city by population?
Have Armenian Gampr dog and Tamaskan Dog been recognized as a dog breed?
Are Condorman and The African Lion both comedy films?
Dallas Davidson is famous for working with Billy Currington by doing what?
What is the oldest age, in years, that Selim Zilkha's retailer caters to for children?
Which airline is based in Waterside and owns OpenSkies transatlantic airline?
What profession does Nerds 2.0.1 and Robert X. Cringely have in common?
Which guest musician from the American hard rock band formed on Long Island, New York in 1969 appeared on Step Back?
Ian MacKaye and Martin Johnson were both what in the rock bands?
What does the theatre that "Here Is Mariah Carey" was taped have one of the largest of in the Northeast?
Is the Rafeiro do Alentejo the same type of animal as the Ariege Pointer?
What suburban bedroom community of New York City is the American indie rock band Prawn from?
What are the countries that James Mitchell plays against?
Are New York Woman and Fitness both health magazines?
What award, included in the term EGOT, did A Chorus Line win?
Richard C. Perry owns a controlling interest in the chain of what type of stores?
Which canal is on the western part of the United States, the Celilo Canal or Pennsylvania and Ohio Canal?
Which band formed first: Big Country from Scotland, or Argentina's Soda Stereo?
Which football team won their 2004 MAC championship meeting in a Detroit domed stadium?
Lucheng, Shanxi and Hejian are county-level cities of which country?
Ricky Lyon worked with who on the fictional character of a popsicle stick with googly eyes?
Heat Project is a game based on realistic weapons and places, including an island in San Francisco Bay that was developed with facilities for a lighthouse, a military fortification, and what else?
Who adapted the book into a musical, which features music by the man who also wrote music for "Cabaret" and "Chicago"?
What American production designer made a directorial effort on a 2003 film based on a Dr. Seuss book?
What is the name of the talk that featured the former technology editor of the company found by Andrew Breitbart?
What shared background do the names "Kardashian" and "Kay Armen" have in common?
Edward Cromwell, 3rd Baron Cromwell had a grandfather who was the son of the chief minister to whom?
The Poseidon Adventure, starring Jack Albertson, was produced by who?
Which country was united with Kingdom of Great Britain and made The Acts of Union 1800?
Evensong is a 1934 British musical film that was the first film of an English actor who is kwown for his portrayal of who in George Lucas's original "Star Wars" trilogy?
Which documentary was animated, The Tree That Remembers or Being Osama?
Will the towers at Manhattan West or 15 Penn Plaza have 2,050,000 square feet of floor space?
The 9th AVN awards ceremony took place in a hotel formly known as?
Are Emeishan City and Chaoyang, Liaoning both located in China?
What kind of athlete is the person who carried the flag at the closing ceremony of the 2004 Summer Olympics?
Ylem was a term used by the physicist who was a developer of the theory credited to whom?
Sugarcult and Morphine are both what types of groups?
Who is older, Andrea DeShong or Christy Martin?
The books in which Caras Caladhon is a fictional city have sold how many copies?
What cinematographer born in 1961 worked on the film that tells the story of Lecter's evolution into a cannibalistic serial killer?
Red Velvet is a play about the only actor of African-American descent among the 33 actors of the English stage honored with bronze plaques at what theatre?
How long is the festival wher Mark Trenwith starred in comedy show "Give Us A Hug"?
Who are the three competitors of the auditing firm associated with David Carew?
Pabst Brewing Company is the holding company for the defunct Pacific Northwest company that was based in what city?
Lyric Suite is a six-movement work usig methods derived from the twelve-tone technique of what Austrian composer, music theorist, and painter who was associated with the expressionist movement?
Nick Cheung has numerous nominations for the awards that have been on offer since what month?
Where was the 1970 song by the English singer, pianist and composer released?
In the TV miniseries Neverland, The Neptune is a ship replica that portyared the ship of a fictional character from a play by which author?
What is the sixth largest city in Kansas, where the 1948 Kansas Jayhawks football team played their home games?
Austria relinquished its control over the Netherlands due to the signing of a treaty which occurred on which date?
Which British archaeologist inspired the plot of the third game in the Uncharted series?
Where were both Frederick Schermbrucker and Cecil Rhodes imperialists and politicians?
Michael Sandberg, Baron Sandberg was the executive chairman of what largest bank of Hong Kong?
Google Primer was launched by which executive on January 4, 2017?
The film Against the Sun stared stared which English actor?
What show did this Swedish singer and songwriter, who sampled "Dat Sexy Body" in her song I Would Like," first appear where she gained national fame?
What was the cause of death for the king who signed The Treaty of Ripon?
Both E. E. Cummings and Woody Allen are decorated veterans in their particular fields, which one of them wrote extensively in poetry?
How many acres are covered by the commercial centre for which the 41st Vice President of the United States was once the administrator?
Where is the company that owns Claro Colombia headquartered?
Adam Page and the Bullet Club are currently ranked what?
Which fiery disaster occurred in Ghana in 2015 due to the Accra floods?
Which musician is from a country closer to Canada, Paul Draper or Sam Endicott?
In what year was the man that Warren County, New York was named after born?
What profession does Every Day's Like Christmas and Chris Martin have in common?
Which United States Army corporal serving as a combat medic received the Medal of Honor before Thomas William Bennett?
Kevin Hales played as a midfielder for Leyton Orient and a football club founded in what year?
Which boxer was born first, Emmanuel Clottey or Joshua Clottey?
Pehchaan: The Face of Truth stars Vinod Khanna, Rati Agnihotri and which Indian actress, producer, and former model who also produced the film?
STED microscopy was developed by a man who is one of the directors of what?
What kind of songs were included on the first release by the American heavy metal band consisting of singer Russell Allen (Symphony X), guitarist Mike Orlando and drummer Mike Portnoy (ex-Dream Theater)?
What writer for The Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour wrote a 2000 novella adapted into a 2005 film?
What was the original name of the college where Jack Ridl is a professor of English?
Babette Haag specializes in playing the Marimba a type of idiophone, was born in what year?
What type of vegetation does Ceratostigma and Crocosmia have in common?
Who has written songs for Disney with his wife, as well as composed music for the "Kick-Ass" franchise on his own?
Who did the injured quarterback of the 2004 Bears season play football for in college?
The Playfair cipher was invented in 1854 by an English scientist and inventor of many scientific breakthroughs of what era?
Were Birthmark and Walk the Moon started formed in the same year?
What Nick Jr. show premiered on August 24, 2015?
Piper Kerman served her sentence at FCI Danbury for what crime?
Which magazine was published first, Moment or Optimize?
Who was born on August 10, 1979 and was in the movie Your Highness?
Which unfinished film by Orson wells is based on the film that he claims was the best he had ever made?
Which band, Ideamen or The Sugarcubes, is still playing together?
Are Sord Computer Corporation and Apple I both PC manufacturers?
What genre are both Splendora and Vertical Horizon?
The Phillips Berlina used stretched underpinings from a sports car that was produced during what years?
George Oldroyd dedicated which composer to Cosmo Gordon Lang?
What political metaphor is used in the 1873 work that had an initial print run of 1,200 copies?
What genre of music do Kiwi Time and Ultra Vivid Scene share?
Which philosopher did Popular Science magazine choose a Book of the Month, that write on the subject of intelligent design.?
Rainy Lake 26A was set apart by who?
What series debuted the same year as samurai Jack? Sackville?
Who was instrumental in the founding of a town that as of 2010 had a total population of 56,790?
"So in to You" is a 1977 hit single by a band formed in whichyear?
Which of the cities at the two miles radius of Oakland/Troy Airport has the population of 80,980 at the 2010 census?
Carry On is a 4-CD career retrospective box set by Stephen Stills, including tracks with the vocal folk rock supergroup named what?
How many episodes where in the season of "Doctor Who" broadcast on 29 April 2017 on BBC?
Alipur, Karnataka is 55 km away from the airport serving what capital of Karnataka?
Gilda Radner, star of Gilda Live, was a founder members of which iconic comedy TV show?
What was the name of the gang that the authors of "Our Story" were involved with?
Where was the man behind The joule effect born?
Who was born first, Hans Pfitzner or Sergei Prokofiev?
Open Fire is a British television film that starred an English actor who trained for the stage at what?
What tragedy hit the singer, in 1954, who had a hit with the song Shelter of Your Arms written by Jerry Samuels?
Which game was released first, Camelot or Cluedo?
Were both Amina and Off our backs publications?
Midtown Plaza, the USA's first urban indoor mall featuring Forman's clothing store, was located in which New York district?
Who directed The Golden Age or Age of Gold,which was an early example of sound film in France, along with "Prix de beauté"?
Who did the man who Muhammad Ali beat in a surprise title win knock out in 1962?
Which computer was made first Compucolor II or Orao?
Which citizen was man who believes discontinuity and continuity reflect the flow of history?
The American conservative Christian nonprofit organization that Alan Sears served as the president, CEO, and general counsel of until January 2017 is headquartered in what Arizona city?
Which winner of America's Best Dance Crew was formed in 2007 by Matthew "Dumbo" Nguyen?
Who is the governing body of the Australia national team for which Mathew David Ryan played as a goal keeper?
Who produced the Red Hot Chili Peppers album with the song "Around the World"?
The song Lifted by Love was included in the soundtrack of a film directed by who?
Gokul is located behind a Heritage Grand class five-star hotel in what region of Mumbai, Maharashtra, India?
Who is both an american novelist and playwright, Pete Dexter or Thornton Wilder?
In what year was Bradley Orr's football playing nephew born?
Men who refused to believe in the formal surrender of Japan continued to stay where?
Which NFL team did Doug Kingsriter and Fran Tarkenton spend the majority of their NFL careers with?
The father of Steven M. Hilton was the original owner of what Los Angeles team?
William Goldman wrote The Ghost and the Darkness, which was made into a movie, who portrayed by which actors?
What was the departure of the flight on which Susan Wehle died?
For Whom the Bell Tolls is a song that was on an album that was released in what year?
Which alcohol laws do Alcohol laws of Missouri contrast with that comprehensively limit and regulate the sale of alcohol?
The Toronto PET Users Group uses the GEOS environment, what year was GEOS released?
In what position did Mark Beresford Russell Grant-Sturgis serve under the person who would later be the prime minister of the united kingdom?
The second youngest Governor in the United States is the Commander in Chief of the organization composed of what two units?
Jerold Hoffberger owned both the Baltimore Bays and what brewing company?
Who was nominated over Nelson Rockefeller for the Republican Vice Presidential nominee and served as the Republican Leader of the United States Senate from 1985 until 1996?
Sir Ralph Lilley Turner MC created what type of book based on Proto-Indo-Aryan language also known as Proto-Indic language?
What mountain chain includes the mountain where Shiloh, Alabama is located?
The Ora Blanchard House is located in the center of the town in what Maine county?
Are Eugenia Maniokova and Jared Palmer both professional tennis players?
The Agenda Project released its "America the Beautiful" campaign in response to the 54th Speaker of the United States House of Representatives proposed cuts to what?
Who won Wimbledon more times, Vania King or Meredith McGrath?
Between University of Nebraska system and Grinnell College, which one has more campuses?
Do both Coventry Cathedral and Newcastle Cathedral seat a bishop for their respective diocese?
What company was established as part of the Great Norther Railway Act of 1846 and has a first station west of Louth?
Mary Youngblood plays a type of flute that is held in front of the player, and has what type of finger holes?
Daphne Slater was educated at what independent day school in Elstree, Hertfordshire?
What building near the Museum of Fine Arts rail stop houses significant European, Asian, and American works?
During Freedom Summer in 1964, Andrew Goodman was one of the three activists murdered in which city?
On what peninsula is the Macao Cultural Centre located?
Take it from me stars what American boxer who was born on June 11, 1915?
Amit Mishra is best known for "Bulleya" sung from a film by what director?
Do Francis Veber and Seth Rollins have the same profession?
The commander of the Totskoye nuclear exercise also command what battle that resulted in the deafeat of Nazi Germany?
Who was born first, Alison Mosshart or Andy McCluskey?
Are Derby Cathedral and Carlisle Cathedral in the same country?
Augustin Thompson created a soft drink produced by a company located in which city?
Japan Paralympic Committee is recognized by International Paralympic Committee (IPC), Ministry of Health and what other committee?
When was the submachine gun introduced that was manufactured by Emil Bergmann's father?
In between Jason Kartalian and Fernando Arrabal who describes himself as "desterrado"?
Which of those that anchored "The Collection at RiverPark" is an American specialty retail chain company that operates The Container Store, which offers storage and organization products?
Which Finnish former boxer shares nickname with a Ugandan political leader and military officer?
Kristina Anapau plays Galina in a film that revolves around the production of what ballet?
Panic! at the Disco's third album was titled Vices & Virtues, what was their first album?
Which genus has a smaller distribution, Barklya or Illicium?
What is the address of the school that Victor Cesar Bota attended in the US?
Was Atomic Ed and the Black Hole or Giuliani Time released first?
What is the theme of the council established by Bill Clinton that preserved the work of Joann Wheeler Kealiinohomoku under the "Save America's Treasures" program?
What caused the plane crash that killed Annette Snell?
What type of visual technique does Impossible Pictures and Beauty and the Beast have in common?
What English and American political activist wrote a book that helped Joseph L. Lewis leave theism?
In what county is Westland Middle School, and Bethesday, Maryland?
Ron Carey, and Max Gail who played a character nicknamed Wojo, both appeared in which TV police drama?
What underwater boat is fully autonomous and made by BAE Systems?
When was the college that Robert S. McElvaine teaches at founded?
Name england's 2nd most populated island, where the local TV and radio is transmitted from Rowridge.?
Adam Wilcox is a cousin to the player who was drafted what overall in the 2005 NHL Entry Draft?
The Harlem Globetrotters have a signature song of the whistled version of the tune composed in what year?
Which contains more species of flowering plants, Indigofera or Matthiola?
Who is the English television chef and food critic whose father was the Anglo-Irish poet and Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom from 1968 to his death in 1972?
Czechoslovakia built a prototype derived from a BH-21 in 1926, what is its models hallmarks?
Which college is located in Durham, North Carolina, Duke University or Amherst College?
Which star in Shadows in Paradise is a Russian ballerina?
Who is older Terry Gilliam or Peter Jackson?
Schuyler Mansion contributes to the district recognized as historic in what year?
Monroe Regional Airport and Walla Walla Regional Airport are both considered to be?
What is the largest city in Macomb County and was the headquarters of American Specialty Cars?
Which rail network that was established in 2007 and serves a large part of Greater London also manages and serves Kensington?
Where is the head office of the company that Archibald McDonald was Chief Trader for?
Who composed the folk song that tells the story of an old woman who swallowed increasingly large animals, each to catch the previously swallowed animal?
The winner of the 2013 Oceania Cup were qualified to be in a tournament at what Stadion?
What truck manufacturer headquartered in Portland, Oregon is owned by a German multinational automotive corporation?
Which documentary has won more Academy Awards, Taxi to the Dark Side or A Life in the Death of Joe Meek?
Are Sleep Room and Love Spit Love both alternative rock bands?
The Mercurial Vapor is a football boot endorsed by many players such as a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for what national team?
What is the estimated net worth of the owner of Carinthia VII?
What city did Edouard get his MBA in?
Besides the Holy Roman Emperor, who was also considered the a universal power or the pontifex Maximus?
Which magazine, The Fader or Playgirl featured semi-nude or fully nude men?
Are Carl Sandburg and S. J. Perelman both nationals of the same country?
Which of the four operas in the Wagner works, based loosely on characters from the Norse sagas and the "Nibelungenlied," is discography of "Götterdämmerung"?
What is the current name of the fort that Phineas Stevens defended in April 1747?
The Kesh temple hymn, one of the oldest surviving literature in the world, describes what aspect of life regarding Acgi?
What French region was the 1968 Winter Olympics held in?
Which was started first The Christian Science Monitor or Twist?
The Barbarossa Chandelier was installed under the cupola in the Roman Catholic church in what state?
One of the two writers, Hannah Arendt and Guillermo Cabrera Infante, changed to which nationality in his lifetime?
What is the population rank of the official region of England which has the town of St Helens?
The father of Chris Weddle is a managing partner for a firm headquartered in what state?
Who was born first Francis Ford Coppola or Károly Makk?
George Henry Law's father was the Ordinary of which docese?
Who wrote an autobiography published by White Mountain Castle Publishing about his adventure in Hawaii?
In what year was the creator of the character that appeared in a series of films directed by Stephen Norrington, Guillermo del Toro and Goyer born?
Which American author is younger, Nora Roberts or Annie Dillard?
How much damage in dollars did the hurricane do that forced the shop called "Bikini Barbers" to close?
Google's rival santa tracker has existed since what year?
Which 1983 supernatural horror film was based on the overview of noted paranormal investigator Stephen Kaplan?
What American dancer, actor, singer, director, and choreographer was in the 1943 musical comedy Du Barry Was a Lady?
What is the parent company of the electric supply to Yuoga?
Are Seo Eunkwang and Jonah Matranga both guitarists?
The 2006 documentary film "Knocking" focuses on which teaching of Johovah's Witnesses that is based on freedom of thought?
Erica Cerra portrayed what in the American post-apocalyptic science fiction drama in 2014?
Who was from a country closer to the United States of America, Peer Raben or Robert Lepage?
Tiong Bahru Plaza is located in the city that is at the southern tip of what landform?
Which member of the People's Posse that participated in the In Your House 9: International Incident pay-per-view event had the given name Anthony Norris at birth?
In 1988, Bryan Sharratt lost his seat in the House of Representatives to a politician who would later serve as Vice President until what year?
Dovyalis is a genus of shrubs and small trees belonging to the family Salicaceae, whereas Townsendia is a genus of NOrth American plants within what flower family?
Where did the actress who starred in the loose sequel to the film "An American Werewolf in London" study filmmaking?
What evening cable television station programming block has a show with Ashley Holliday as a cast member?
Which book by one of the leading "muckrakers" of the progressive era of the late 19th and early 20th centuries, is an exposé about the Standard Oil Company?
Who was born first? Jan de Bont or Raoul Walsh?
Where on the traditional left-right political spectrum of politics scale does Jens Rygren's specialty fall?
Who was the elder son of Sylvester Stallone that also helped co find Grindhouse Releasing?
What award was received by two of the individuals whose traditions shaped the so-called classical ethology represented by Gerard Baerends?
Buraswa is a village that comes under the Tehsil of Chakrata in the capital city that is located in what region of India?
Who designed the earlier ride that was modified to become the Gravitron?
Agbadza is an Ewe music and dance performed during a festival celebrated in what month?
Which deceased comedian is coached by a man from Baltimore?
Which is older the Walter Reed Army Medical Center or Howard University Hospital?
What profession does Diamond Duggal and Shania Twain have in common?
Hjørdis is a spin-off of a TV Danish series that runs internationally on what video service?
What is the year of the event that occured first, Markus Zusak was born, or The Book Thief was published?
Were Kyosuke Himuro and Mike Score both in bands with names consisting of more than four letters?
While Brett Tolman did his instrumental work on the 2005 Patriot Act reauthorization, Orrin Hatch had what role in the US Senate?
Is a tv station licensed to a town located in what county?
Who is the Rocky statue in Zitiste modeled after that also modeled his boxing style after Rocky Marciano?
Grand Trunk Western 6325 gained notoriety in 1946 for pulling which United States President's successor's campaign train through Michigan?
The news media gave this name to an organized crime group founded by Albert Anastasia whom also founded American Mafia?
What Nazi war criminal was chairman of the supervisory board of the largest chemical producer in the world?
Who was born first, Takeshi Kitano or Arturo Ripstein?
Terry Pindell's American travelogues such as "Making Tracks" have been compared with "Travels With Charley" by which iconic American author?
Which American football coach has both a TV and radio show named after him which are hosted by Todd Ellis?
Did Jonathan Kellerman and Leonard Cohen both win awards for their work?
Which was formed first, The Creatures or This Picture?
A Woman's Revenge was a film starring an actress who was also what kind of dancer?
What nation's airline has a parked Douglas C-47 destroyed in 1947 at an airport near London?
In how many nuclear power projects of Washington Nuclear Project the Energy Northwest started construction?
What kind of Christianity did the man who constructed the Basilica of St. John practice?
Are Wisteria and Helictotrichon both in the legume family?
What is the version of the Pyropia columbina that is primarily used as a wrap of sushi?
The Midcoast Regional Redevelopment Authority managed the conversion of what airport northeast of Brunswick, Maine?
Which plant has more species, Aquilegia or Larrea?
Alona Bondarenko and Menno Oosting are very different, but share this career in common.?
Which political party did the director of the official press agency of the People's Republic of China join?
Passu Sar and Trivor are mountain peaks in what country?
Who is older Paul Haarhuis or Mary Pierce?
What award was received in 1982 by the professor that supervised Jun Li's Harvard Ph.D?
What king held Aketorpe in 1086?
Both Canadian and American Chinese Cuisine were influenced by what particular immigrants?
The 2011 UTSA Roadrunners football team were coached by the former head coach of what Florida college?
At what elevation would one find the Klondike Sunset Casino?
Where is the author of This House of Sky: Landscapes of a Western Mind from?
What country does Rand Show and Johannesburg have in common?
Are both Karelian Bear Dog and Labrador Retrievers known for hunting large animals?
Which recent graduate of Grêmio F.B.P.A. Academy has gone on to become a defensive midfielder for the Brazil national team?
When were the band that released the song Charlemagne formed?
Are either Australian Terrier or Schipperke breeds of cat?
What was named by the person who made detailed maps of Newfoundland?
What American industrial rock group formed in 1993 features lead guitarist Oumi Kapila?
Wendell Tucker was traded to the cowboys for what player from the University of Oklahoma?
Muffie Cabot was the social secretary to an American film actress who was the wife of which president of the United States?
Crown for Christmas stars which English actor, best known for his roles as Adam Carter in the BBC One spy drama series "Spooks"?
What objects provide evidence of Sitric's rule over what is now mdern day Yorkshire?
What number book in the Harry Potter series involves Snape becoming a double agent on behalf of Albus Dumbledore?
How many subspecies does this animal, which is the mascot of McCurdy High School, have?
Inman E. Page was president of what school that is the only historically black college in Oklahoma?
Whose comedy film, that Adam Shankman's 2007 remake is based off of, was it?
What song did The Lonely Island feature Justin Timberlake in on "SNL" in December of 2006?
Who was born first, George Kisevalter or Oleg Penkovsky?
In which town was the subject of the nursery rhyme with Roud Fold Song Index number of 7622 born in?
"Pacify Her" is a song by a singer that was raised in which city?
Who was born first, Thomas Ritter or Stefan Effenberg?
Which mountain is taller, Tongshanjiabu or Momhil Sar?
The basketball player that was traded to the Sacramento Kings following the 1997–98 Washington Wizards season was indicted for his involvement in what scandal?
Julio Eduardo Santa Cruz Cantero is the brother of a striker what club?
Owusu referenced what seminal work from the history of sociology?
Which language usually romanizes as Dang a Chinese surname which itself is occasionally used to romanize Deng?
Are both Istanbul Naval Museum and İstanbul Toy Museum located in the Kadıköy district?
What was a film that the actor of "Out of the Past" made that was based on the memoirs of Norwegian resistance soldier Knut Haukelid?
What Canadian actor starred in Rocket Science and played Craig in the 2012 coming-of-age drama film "The Perks of Being a Wallflower"?
What test compliments the test that ensures that Marines are keeping physically fit?
Which genus Combretum or Galanthus has the most species?
Elmira Heights is just north of what city that serves as the county seat of Cheming County, New York, US?
Who were the film stars in the movie "Green Lantern" which served as a pre-quel to the game "Green Lantern: Rise of the Manhunters"?
When was the public research university which Carol Brayne is a Professor of Public Health Medicine at founded?
When did the Acts of Union 1800, which was represented in Parliament by such unions as New Ross, take effect?
What 1993 movie was Emilie Schindler's husband the subject of?
What song did Shannon Elizabeth Fadal sing in London?
Homogentisic acid is found in the what type of Irish tree in Europe?
Which band formed earlier The Jesus and Mary Chain or The Owl Service?
The author regarded by many as the greatest novelist of the Victoria era would have a first name of Karol in what language?
Who produced and distributed the film in which Amrita Rao was most popular for her role in?
Who owns the lineage of dogs in which Damn Good Dog is a documentary about?
Who first disappeared in the history of a cruise line operation that is a subsidiary of The Walt Disney Company?
What is the given name of the performer who released the single Impacto?
Which architect helped build a building completed in 2003 at a cost of £60 million?
Who is the county that has Kentucky Route 193 in it named after?
Did Alicia Molik and Goran Ivanišević play the same sport?
Which opera Pelléas et Mélisande and Die schweigsame Frau has fewer acts?
Some Days You Gotta Dance was released on this album, which debuted in which position on the Billboard 200?
Rich Burlew, an American author, game designer, and graphic designer is best known for a webcomic that satirizes tabletop role-playing games and what else?
Where is the owner of Next big sound provides analytics for online music available?
"To Go Home" is an EP released by a singer-songwriter from what city?
Saint Vitus and Pentagram had what in common when it came to the music industry?
Other than Valerie Bowman, who else wrote Regency romance novels?
Are The Betrayal – Nerakhoon and The Square both documentaries?
What is the name of the paternal grandfather of Lady Margarita Armstrong-Jones?
This CarniK Con meme development, involving duct tape, was based on an animated Nickelodeon series created by what marine biologist?
The Secret Garden lyrics are by a playwright who recieved what award in 1983?
Which Korean department store chain, together with Hyundai and the Korean named "New World" chains, makes up the three major department store chains in South Korea?
What position was the top seed in the 2010 China Open - Women's Singles in the Danish professional tennis scene?
Which system is most likely to have impacted current computer technology, Atari or Comx-35?
Which national pageant included Ashley Renee Litton as a representative from Missouri?
Adriana Lecouvreur and La bohème are both what type of opera performance?
What is a block away from the arena where the Baltimore Blast play their games?
Ryan Jones and Mark McGwire were both American former professional baseball players, which one led the major leagues in home runs?
A 202 pound slab of grewwacke covered in runes on its face and side indicated the Scandinavians came to Minnesota in what century?
Which Scottish rock band was formed earlier, Cocteau Twins or Big Country?